articleid	source_name	url	audience_iso3	ft
20220219_163941_nzl_C000564_A000003	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/national/health/coronavirus/300522787/covid19-2365-new-community-cases-two-people-have-died	NZL	There are 2365 new community cases in the outbreak, as officials report two further deaths. The new cases are in Northland (50), Auckland (1692), Waikato (136), Bay of Plenty (42), Lakes (24), Hawke’s Bay (23), MidCentral (14), Whanganui (five), Taranaki (four), Tairawhiti (nine), Wairarapa (eight), Capital and Coast (89), Hutt Valley (19), Nelson Marlborough (58), Canterbury (105), South Canterbury (one), and Southern (86). Two people with Covid-19 have died in Auckland, one at Middlemore Hospital – whose family requested no further details be released – and a patient in their 70s at Auckland City Hospital.ANDY MACDONALD / STUFF/Nelson MailThe Ministry of Health provided the update on Monday afternoon. There are 116 people in hospital with Covid-19 on Monday, in Northland, Auckland, Tauranga, Waikato and Tairawhiti, READ MORE: * * * * One person is in an intensive care or high dependency care unit. The average age of is 58. Slightly fewer than 27,109 tests were carried out across Aotearoa on Sunday. While the numbers of PCR tests taken on Sunday – 27,109 – was lower than the , and down slightly on the seven-day average, it was still almost 10,000 higher than the number of swabs taken the Sunday prior, when 17,616 were collected nationwide. The seven-day rolling average of community cases is 1667. A further 12 cases have been detected at the border, bringing the seven-day rolling average to 11. There are 15,928 active cases as of Monday (those identified in the past 21 days, not yet classified as recovered), bringing the total number of cases in New Zealand since the pandemic began to nearly 33,000. There are active cases of Covid-19 in all 20 of the country’s district health board areas. Counties Manukau DHB, covering east and south Auckland, is copping the brunt of the Omicron outbreak with 5842 active cases as of Monday. Auckland DHB currently has the second-highest number of cases, 2593, fewer than half as many as Counties. More than 2.1 million booster shots have now been given nationally, with more than 15,000 administered on Sunday.DAVID WHITE/STUFFAccess to rapid antigen tests will be expanded over the coming week, the Ministry of Health said. Sixty-six per cent of those eligible to be boosted have done so. Meanwhile, 48 per cent of 5-11-year-olds have had their first dose. From Monday morning, at community testing centres in Auckland, to those who fit the appropriate clinical criteria. Access to rapid antigen tests would be expanded further during the coming week, the ministry said. Authorities will increase the use of RATs in phase 2 and phase 3 of the response in order to relieve pressure on the PCR testing and reserve it for those most likely to have Covid-19. Only those with symptoms or who have been identified as close contacts of a case, or directed by a health professional to get tested, should be turning up at testing sites. Anyone with any cold or flu symptoms that could be Covid-19 is asked to get a test and isolate at home until a negative result is returned, and they are feeling well. Regardless of your test result, it is still important that anyone who is unwell stays home to reduce the spread of other viruses, the ministry said. The most common early symptom of Omicron is a cough, followed by a sore throat and/or runny nose. 
20220219_163941_lva_C000605_A000024	variety.com	https://variety.com/2022/tv/news/euphoria-chloe-cherry-interview-fez-angus-faye-1235186237/	LVA	SPOILER ALERT: Do not read if you have not seen the first seven episodes of “” Season 2. ’s favorite memes about “Euphoria” are the ones about “Euphoria High School,” which parodies the way that her fellow castmates in Season 2 have decided to dress for class— if they even go to class, that is. “I love the one about the bugs that go to ‘Euphoria High School.’ It is this pink, sparkly toy cartoon bug. I swear I rolled laughing when I saw that on my feed,” Cherry said. The choice uniform of the drama-fueled “Euphoria” student body is bedazzled, is cropped, is mini and, in almost every instance, would never be allowed in any public or private school, but that out-of-touch aesthetic was one of the many decisions showrunner, creator, writer and executive producer Sam Levinson made that has made the show a bonafide sensation. Another choice that Levinson made that was smart? Casting Cherry as a recurring character Faye in Season 2. “This show really did create a fantasy land and this whole universe for us to play with and I’m just so happy to be able to exist in something like this, and look like a colorful, dreamy little fairy while doing it,” Cherry added. Cherry’s Instagram handle, @perfectangelgirl, is obviously tongue-in-cheek: while the baby-blue, doe-eyed actor has a round, innocent face and big pink lips, her main source of income prior to scoring the role of Faye — an unfiltered bubblehead often clad in neon, Y2K short-shorts — was the adult film industry. (In fact, it is rumored that Sam Levinson found out about Cherry via a porn parody she starred in, portraying Hunter Schafer’s character on the show, Jules.) Another thread of irony in Cherry’s life and public persona? Prior to making the trek out to California to follow her dreams, she was born and raised in Lancaster, Pa., the Amish capital of the United States. She moved out when she turned 18 and hasn’t looked back since. “What first drew me to the adult industry was the freedom and expression that it gave me after feeling so repressed for a long time,” Cherry explained. When Levinson reached out to her for an audition, she couldn’t have been more thrilled to be on a show she was into and to do acting for more traditional TV roles. Landing the gig has been a fast-track to recognition and success. Cherry’s portrayal of Faye, a young woman that struggles with substance abuse and saying no to those who she sees as knights in shining armor, has been the subject behind much of the show’s buzz since its premiere episode, where we see Faye inject her thigh with heroin whilst introducing herself to Zendaya’s messy (but lovable and championed) Rue. During tonight’s episode of “Euphoria,” entitled “The Theater and Its Double,” a reference to a collection of essays of the same name by French playwright and poet Antonin Artaud, we see Faye do more than just strip naked in front of Laurie (Martha Kelly), say hysterical one-liners in her airy, deadpan tone (“Do you and your son like… fuck people together?”) and take out the trash for Fezco (Angus Cloud) and Ashtray (Javon Walton). Instead, audiences were stupefied by Faye being torn between two sides — that of her boyfriend, Custer, who we now know is cooperating with the police and is hoping to turn Fezco in for the murder of Season 1 antagonist Mouse (Meeko Gattuso), and that of Fezco (also known as Fez), the glacé and blasé Mac Miller-lookalike that “Euphoria” fans have rooted for from the start of the show. Cherry spoke with Variety about her character’s unique relationship with Fez, as well as what her experience has been like on-set for “Euphoria,” what scenes were the most gratifying to film and what she wants to do next with her budding career. These past couple of weeks, it’s been walking the runway at New York Fashion Week and taking interviews for her stint on the show. Tomorrow? Cherry is sure that the sky is the limit. What are Faye’s most endearing qualities, and what do you think are her most self-destructive? I think that I can totally relate to her! She is a very sweet girl that likes to hang out and have fun. She likes her friends, she likes to do nice things for people. I feel that she wasn’t necessarily raised in the best circumstances where she always had the happiest experiences, so she knows how bad things can get and I think she has a tough exterior that might make her seem scary sometimes, but she’s actually a very sweet person and I think she’s giving. I think she’s kind to a fault. She has a good sense of style and she’s trying to find good people in her life and she’s trying to find what would make her feel good, but it’s difficult because she’s an addict and she’s not fully herself right now. We’ve all been through hard times, and I think we can all relate to a desire to improve our situation. Why do you think that Faye felt like she had to stay loyal to her boyfriend and his decision to rat-out Fezco and Ashtray? I think it’s because of the fact that Faye has needed to be saved by someone else, and right now, that person is her boyfriend, Custer. She feels that her life is indebted to Custer and that she owes him something, but then she moves in with Fezco, and Fez ends up saving her, technically, because she had been passed out from heroin. He helps her and now Fez has been taking care of her, so there’s tension because she doesn’t exactly know which side to be on. Everyone on “Euphoria” has a specific style or signature look — how would you describe Faye’s? And, if you weren’t in Faye’s clothes, which character’s wardrobe would you wear in real life instead? I would describe Faye’s style as this kind of girly, slutty bimbo, fairytale Y2K aesthetic. I think it’s very cute! It’s colorful and I love that style so much. I also really like the way Jules is dressed. I think that her outfits are funky and cool and kawaii. Who did you become closest to on-set? How did you bond with the cast off-screen, since they mostly all knew each other before you stepped in? Definitely Angus. He is truly a really nice guy and he’s funny! He was the easiest for me to connect with because I love people who are hilarious and super chill, and he is. He was easy to work with, too. We had a lot of scenes together. I also enjoyed getting to know Tyler and Javon. What was one of your favorite scenes to shoot with them? That scene at the beginning where we’re all getting stripped-down was so crazy — it had such wild energy to it, including the fact that Javon obviously couldn’t be there while we shot it. It felt like there was so much tension and the timing had to be just right, and it felt overwhelming to make, but it was also good. That’s the emotion we were trying to get. Were you a fan of “Euphoria” prior to being on the show? Yes, I was a huge fan of the show. I don’t usually become that obsessed with a show, where you know, you go and you follow all of the different actors on social media and get really into it. I was already following every single cast member and as we were shooting, I would notice that I already knew people’s names on the set even if they had really tiny parts because I had already been so into the show. I thought it was so amazing — everything about it. Going on set has been the ultimate experience of a lifetime. If you were able to take on more traditional TV or film roles, what types of genres would you want to play around with, and what types of characters are you interested in? I would do well in comedy and horror, and I enjoy drama also. I think I can do anything. I think I try to bring that to Faye because that’s what I am in “Euphoria.” I’m sort of comedic relief and I’m kind of scary — I’m invoking those mixed feelings in the viewer, and that’s the type of acting I’m most interested in. What does the sudden boost in recognition and publicity feel like? How are you handling the ups and downs? My fifteen minutes of fame have provoked a lot of positive responses and it feels insanely good. It feels unreal to have so many people say they love you on the show, it really does. At the same time, it’s crazy how many people talk about my lips being so big… The amount of headlines that I have seen and the amount of people posting and commenting about my lips has been surreal. It’s nuts because you have to realize that I got those lips at some point in my life and nobody reacted that way — at least not to my face. So, it’s weird to see memes and stuff about it because these topics of conversation are on my body and I didn’t totally comprehend what the big deal was. I swear nobody in my life was like, “Whoa Chloe those are insane.” I guess this is what happens when you’re now known on a much larger scale. What actors or directors inspire you? What TV shows? What movies? Tell me what you’ve seen that has moved you recently? I am very inspired by the comedy of Nathan Fielder, and his sense of humor, as well as Bo Burnham. I like their almost improvisational tones and I also like Hannibal Buress. My favorite comedians are those that have a little dry sense of humor. I also really like a good drama with some sort of comedic twist to it, like “Succession” and “Girls,” as well as sitcoms that are absurd like “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and “It’s Always Sunny,” and sketch shows like “The Eric Andre Show.” If I ever make something myself, it’d probably be in the comedy genre. Who do you hope Faye gets closer to in Season 3 and why? Rue. They’d vibe for sure. I think Faye has a story of addiction to tell as Rue does; even though it’s different, I think that they could learn something from each other. I also think Rue is a non-judgmental character, and I think that is all Faye needs. I think if they got closer, they would get along because they have these shared experiences and they are both chill girls in spite of it. optional screen reader Read More About: 
20220219_163941_phl_C000609_A000004	www.gmanetwork.com	https://www.gmanetwork.com/news/topstories/nation/822533/dilg-defends-pnp-slams-critics-over-arrest-of-dr-naty-castro-probing-possible-violations/story/	PHL	The Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) on Monday said the police officers who arrested health worker Dr. Natividad Castro were just doing their job, even as the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) has started investigating possible violations of police procedure. In a statement, DILG Secretary Eduardo Ańo pointed out that Philippine National Police (PNP) officers were just performing their duties when they served the warrant of arrest against the doctor on Friday. “The PNP was just doing their jobs. Why gang up on them? This was not a warrantless arrest. The RTC issued a warrant and it’s their duty to serve it,” he said. “The basis of Castro’s arrest by the PNP is a judicially issued warrant based on the criminal charges against her,” he added. Ańo said Judge Fernando Fudalan of Regional Trial Court (RTC) Branch 7 in Bayugan City, Agusan del Sur issued the warrant. Castro, an advocate of Lumad communities in Mindanao, was by PNP operatives on Friday in San Juan City. Police said Castro is a ranking member of the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) and facing kidnapping and serious illegal detention charges. This has been by her family and the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG). In a Facebook post last week, Jun Castro, brother of the arrested doctor, appealed for help and said the charges are all untrue. FLAG, NUPL Ańo also hit back at FLAG and the National Union of People’s Lawyers (NUPL) after the groups raised concerns on the arrest of doctors. “FLAG, the NUPL and other lawyers of Castro had every opportunity to quash the charges against her at the level of the City Prosecutor during the preliminary investigation and even with the court,” he said. For him, these groups could have used legal remedies to appeal the arrest of Castro “instead of maligning the PNP, the judicial system and making a media circus out of this issue.” According to Ańo, Castro is now under the custody of the court and is detained at the Bayugan City Police Station where her lawyers can visit her to prepare for her defense. FLAG on Sunday however for Castro. Her name does not even appear to be her name in the alleged warrant, lawyer Wilfred Asis of FLAG Caraga said in Vonne Aquinos report on 24 Oras Weekend on Sunday. CHR Ańo added that the CHR is welcome to investigate the case but he lamented “the zeal of the CHR to prejudge the PNP.” The CHR on Saturday said Castro has been . It also said it has deployed a quick response team to the National Capital Region and Caraga and is conducting a motu propio investigation to check on the reports received that indicate possible violations of the Philippine National Police rules of procedure, among others. In an interview on ANC on Monday, CHR Chairperson Leah Tanadora-Armamento said the arrest of Castro by the PNP and Armed Forces intelligence operatives was valid as there was a warrant of arrest presented. However, what they are looking at is the way authorities conducted the arrest. “It seems that there were some police procedures that were not followed. At the same time, we are continuously monitoring the way that she is being treated because we don’t want that she’ll be a victim of torture or enforce disappearance which are against our laws,” she said. “There was an allegation that some are not even in uniform, they are not properly identified and then the force employed is more than it is required. There are protocols in the conduct of the arrest. We are looking into this whether our arresting officers followed the rule of procedure,” Armamento added. Should the CHR find any arrest violation, Armamento said they could file administrative or criminal charges against erring police officers or the team who conducted the arrest. Armamento said representatives from CHR-Caraga are currently with Castro to monitor her condition. FLAG said Sunday that they and the family members of Castro with and spend time with her. Armamento narrated that Castro’s family flew into Butuan City and they were transported to Bayugan City, Agusan del Sur, along with the CHR Quick Reaction Team to accompany them. “You have to be there to ensure that the police will respect her rights especially rights to counsel, rights against torture, rights against enforce disappearance and her testimony might be taken without her consent or trumped-up charges may be done to her,” she said. FLAG said they will pursue legal remedies against those who have red-tagged and continue to red-tag Castro, and they will also secure her freedom or the immediate dismissal of the case against her. The CPP on Saturday the unlawful arrest and unjust detention of Castro, stressing she should be released immediately and charges against her should be dropped. In a statement, CPP Information Officer Marco Valbuena said Castro was a victim of the President Rodrigo Duterte administration’s “war of terror against the people” and the National Task Force to End Local Communist Armed Conflict (NTF-ELCAC). Castros batchmates in medical school also from detention immediately, saying the charges against her were related to her work. Meanwhile, the University of the Philippines Manila (UPM) on Sunday and expressed concern over the arrest of Castro who is an alumna of UPM College of Medicine Class 1995. Castro also to those who have been helping her, and for the outpouring of public support. —KG, GMA News 
20220219_163941_ken_C000624_A000038	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220220/N-glycosylation-blockers-reduce-SARS-CoV-2-infection.aspx	KEN	The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) uses the spike antigens on its surface to mediate host cell attachment and entry. A new journal study shows that the N-glycosylation pattern of SARS-CoV-2 is crucial to normal spike activity, such that its in vitro activity is reduced by using molecules that inhibit the synthesis or attachment of spike N-glycans. Study: Image Credit: Kateryna Kon / Shutterstock.com Introduction The emergence of new SARS-CoV-2 variants has caused major challenges to the global fight against the current coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, as many of these variants have shown resistance to antibodies elicited by previous infection or vaccines. The SARS-CoV-2 binds to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor on the host cell through its receptor-binding domain (RBD). The binding between the SARS-CoV-2 RBD and host cell ACE2 receptor is followed by a conformational change that triggers membrane fusion and endocytosis of the viral genome. After both natural infection and vaccination, the spike protein undergoes post-translational modification through N-glycosylation with up to 66 sugars that are equally distributed between the three homotrimers. N-glycans stabilize the trimeric spike and the open conformation of the RBD. Additionally, mutations at certain N-glycosylation sites cause a steep fall in pseudovirus infection rates. N-glycans are also flexible besides occupying large surface areas, thus allowing them to achieve immune evasion by hiding critical epitopes from the host cell. In order to develop effective antivirals targeting N-glycans, more must be known about how these molecules function during SARS-CoV-2 infection. The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) possesses a-glucosidases that are required for N-glycosylated structures to achieve their mature form. Other possible targets include the a-mannosidase I and N-acetylglucosaminyl-transferase I (GnT-I) MGAT1. The current study reports the role played by N-glycosylation in the host and SARS-CoV-2 during in vitro infection, as well as the results of inhibition of host N-glycosylation. Study findings Either partial or complete blockage of host N-glycosylation inhibits SARS-CoV-2, thus impeding normal infection progression. Many mechanisms have been postulated, from defects in key surface receptors that prevent viral invasion through defects in normal viral protein/virion production to reduced infectivity. Knockdown of crucial enzymes in the N-glycosylation pathway led to a reduction of infection by more than half. However, enzymes were specific in their effects in culture and favored different cell types. Secondly, the use of inhibitors to block these enzymes, at several steps to mimic early and late knockdown, leads to a protective effect against the infection when tested in Calu-3 cells derived from human lung epithelial cells. At all doses of SARS-CoV-2 except the highest, and when added up to four hours from virus inoculation, these inhibitors reduced the infection. This suggests that glycosylation inhibitors are effective at reducing the spread of the infection but not the initial invasion round.” Both genetic and chemical knockdown led to altered N-glycosylation profiles; however, there were differences in the response to each of the agents used. Cytotoxic or metabolic toxicity was ruled out as a reason for the observed reduction in infections. When Vero cells, HEK cells, and Calu cells were compared, infection rates were reduced with over 97%, 92% and 88-100% protection, respectively, using agents tunicamycin and NGI-1, which removed N-glycans. Cytopathic effects (CPE) were also inhibited by 94% and 100%, respectively, while, at high doses, infectious particles were undetectable in the cell supernatant. Less effectiveness was observed with ER a-glucosidase inhibitors, which altered the structure of N-glycans. However, overall reductions were achieved in infections, CPE, and viral titers in the supernatant. At a still later stage of glycosylation, Golgi a-mannosidase inhibition reduced HEK cell infections but not in Vero cells, perhaps because the two cell lines have different N-glycosylation profiles and glycosylation enzyme expression. For example, defective glycosylation by the ER a-glucosidases in the presence of these agents could be overcome by the Golgi endo-a-1,2-mannosidase (MANEA) alternative pathway. The simultaneous use of NGI-1 with any a-glucosidase inhibitor increased the protective effect as compared to when either of these agents was used alone. Other combinations of a-glucosidase inhibitors were also highly effective, especially when combined with a-mannosidase inhibitors. Knockdown of the enzyme STT3-A caused a reduction in N-glycans by just over 25% in Vero cells, thus failing to produce significant protection. The reduction in N-glycans was tripled, or even higher at up to 85%, when either STT3-B or STT3-A+B were knocked out in Vero cells. Conversely, in HEK cells, the effect of STT3-A inhibition was stronger, with over 40% reduction in N-glycosylation. Abnormal N-glycosylation patterns were found with all inhibitors; however, the profile was unique with each type of agent and, within the a-glucosidase inhibitors, with each separate compound. Treated cells showed more marked changes following infection compared to the greater than 40% reduction in N-glycans seen with untreated infected cells, which was attributed to the combination of inhibitor-infection effects. The infected and treated cell supernatants contained almost 400-fold fewer infective viral particles as compared to untreated cells when treated with STT3 inhibitor NGI-1. Furthermore, total viral ribonucleic acid (RNA), representing both infective and non-infective particles, was reduced by 82-fold. This discrepancy suggests the synthesis of defective and non-infective virions due to the effect of the inhibition of N-glycan synthesis. This was shown to be the case, with four-fold lower rates of infection by virions released from these cells. If the cell culture was pretreated with this inhibitor, the rate of infection by these defective virions was still lower. A confirmatory examination of cells deglycosylated by the enzyme peptide-N-glycosidase F (PNGase F) demonstrated their inability to infect host cells. Using high-resolution tandem mass spectrometry (LC-HR-MS/MS), the researchers found five spike peptides that had seven modified sites subject to deglycosylation. Two of these sites within the RBD were thought to be the likely cause of defective infection. However, initial viral entry into the cell was unaffected by the removal of host cell surface glycoproteins before virus inoculation. Implications Inhibitors of N-glycosylation of the host cell do not prevent SARS-CoV-2 invasion. However, removal of the N-glycosylation of newly formed viral proteins affects the maturation and production of infective virions, thus preventing productive infection of the host cell. The removal of N-glycans from the cells causes fewer and more defective virions to be released with missing or aberrant N-glycans on the spike. Altering host N-glycosylation leads to a significant reduction of the spread of SARS-CoV-2 infection.” When early steps in the pathway were targeted, the effect was strongest, with infection spread and infective virion production being reduced. Inhibitors of ER a-glucosidases I and II are well-tolerated, with some of these medications already being approved for use by the United States Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) for other conditions. Thus, these drugs could potentially be repurposed for SARS-CoV-2 infection if found to be useful. Though these agents were less effective than STT3 inhibitors, this could be due to Golgi membrane MANEA. However, since human lung cells lack MANEA, these agents could still retain clinical utility, particularly if used in combination. The mechanism of action could be due to alterations in the glycosylation profile or the buildup of viral proteins within the ER due to misfolding. Late-stage alterations within the Golgi membranes were the least effective. All SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern (VOCs) were equally impacted by the inhibitors of glycosylation. The evidence presented here could allow N-glycosylation inhibition to be explored as a new independent therapy against SARS-CoV-2. Furthermore, these agents could be used to enhance current COVID-19 vaccines, as defective glycosylation may render SARS-CoV-2 more susceptible to induced by vaccines. Moreover, N-glycans on essential proteins are unlikely to be easily mutated, which may make this approach more favorable to the development of therapies. Altogether, the study of N-glycosylation in relation to viral diseases may offer new opportunities to fight not only SARS-CoV-2 but future coronaviral outbreaks.” Source: Casas-Sanchez, A., Romero-Ramirez, A., Hargreaves, E., et al. (2022). Inhibition of Protein N-Glycosylation Blocks SARS-CoV-2 Infection. Virology. . 
20220219_163941_nzl_C000627_A000002	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/300522995/national-calls-for-a-phasing-out-of-vaccine-requirements-as-protests-continue	NZL	As the occupation of Parliament’s grounds continues, National Party leader Christopher Luxon has called for a clear end to vaccine requirements. He urged the Government to provide a road map for the removal of vaccine requirements, during a speech on Monday, that vaccine requirements would be loosened after the Omicron peak had passed. Anti-mandate, anti-vaccine protesters have been camped out on Parliament’s grounds for , and show no sign of departing – despite being trespassed. Luxon outlined National’s plan for pulling back vaccine requirements, and also called for the country to “aggressively reopen to the world”.Abigail Dougherty/StuffLeader of the Opposition Christopher Luxon. “After we get through the peak of Omicron we should remove government mandates for businesses to use vaccine passes,” he said. READ MORE: * * * Luxon insisted he did not support the occupation, and said they had proven to be “abusive” and “anti-social”. her decision to loosen eventually loosen restrictions was “not because they demand it, but because it will be safe”.ROBERT KITCHIN/StuffAt her regular post cabinet press conference, Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern confirmed vaccine requirements would eventually be removed as the pandemic progressed. , early Monday morning, when officers held back an aggressive crowd while large bollards were put up along the occupation site’s perimeter. Luxon wouldn’t agree that his speech was playing into the protesters’ hands, insisting he had been “talking about this for some time”. But his speech, which was broadcast from an Auckland television studio on Monday, acknowledged vaccine requirements had become more prominent due to the ongoing occupation. “The protests are actually tapping into a much wider sense of frustration and people genuinely feeling lost,” he said. “What we are seeing outside Parliament, and the reaction to it, is the culmination of underlying issues that have been rumbling along in our communities for some time.”Abigail DoughertyNational leader Chris Luxon speaks to media after his speech outlining his proposal to gradually remove vaccine requirements. He called for a quick removal of vaccine restrictions for children to participate in extracurricular activities, something Education Minister Chris Hipkins said he was looking into. He also said that after the peak of Omicron, vaccine requirements should be removed from most situations. “The first area where vaccination was made compulsory was border workers. That made a lot of sense when we had an elimination strategy and border worker vaccinations were the tool for keeping Covid out of the community,” he said. “It obviously makes much less sense when we have thousands of community cases and as the border reopens to the world. They need to go.” As well as removing vaccine requirements for children’s sport and border workers, he said hospitality venues should not need to scan vaccine passes given Omicron appeared to spread among the vaccinated. From there, he called for vaccine requirements to be “removed progressively” once the first Omicron wave had passed. He urged the Government to outline, in greater detail, when restrictions would be removed. 
20220219_163941_nam_C000635_A000011	economictimes.indiatimes.com	https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/global-market-cues-for-february-21-2022/videoshow/89713910.cms	NAM	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.68%, the S&P 500 lost 0.72% and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.23%. Nifty futures on the Singapore Exchange traded 121 points, or 0.0.70 per cent, lower at 17,159, signaling that Dalal Street was headed for a negative start on Monday. 
20220219_163941_pak_C000641_A000016	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/india/indian-shares-set-fourth-day-losses-2022-02-21/	PAK	People walk past the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) building in Mumbai, India, November 4, 2020. REUTERS/Francis MascarenhasRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comBENGALURU, Feb 21 (Reuters) - India shares settled lower for a fourth straight session on Monday as investors pulled back from riskier assets after comments from the Kremlin partially dampened hopes of a diplomatic solution to the Russia-Ukraine standoff.The NSE Nifty 50 index fell 0.4% to 17,206.65, while the S&P BSE Sensex settled down 0.26% at 57,683.59.The blue-chip indexes had turned positive briefly during the choppy trading session as banks climbed. Niftys small-cap index slid 2.8% and mid-cap index fell 0.8%.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comBoth benchmark indexes are down nearly 1% so far this month as tensions surrounding Ukraine and the possibility of monetary tightening by the U.S Federal Reserve weighed on investor sentiment.Any developments surrounding the Russia-Ukraine crisis will remain at the forefront of investor focus, until there is further clarity on the situation, negative moves will continue to dominate domestic markets, said Anita Gandhi, director, at Arihant Capital Markets.U.S. President Joe Biden and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin had agreed in principle to hold a summit on Ukraine. The news boosted Wall Street futures and helped broader Asian peers recoup some losses.But the Kremlin said there were no concrete plans yet for a summit.In India, all major Nifty sub-indexes except those tracking banks settled in the red. Niftys realty and metal sub-indexes closed down 1.4% and 2.1%, respectively.Shares of InterGlobe Aviation settled 1.8% lower after co-founder Rakesh Gangwal resigned from the board and said he would cut his stake slowly over the next five years. Niftys bank and private-bank index , which had slipped more than 1% each, reversed course to settle 0.23% and 0.25% higher, respectively.Electrical appliance maker Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances closed 7.8% higher after local media reports said Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals would likely buy a stake in the firm.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Chandini Monnappa in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-PhillipsOur Standards: 
20220219_163941_bwa_C000642_A000035	www.express.co.uk	https://www.express.co.uk/life-style/health/1568490/dementia-signs-trouble-getting-dressed	BWA	The says that dementia symptoms may also include problems with language, such as using words incorrectly, or trouble speaking, as well as movement and difficulties doing daily activities.It explains: “The symptoms of dementia usually become worse over time. In the late stage of dementia, people will not be able to take care of themselves and may lose their ability to communicate.”The Alzheimers Association states: “People living with Alzheimers and other dementia may have problems sleeping or experience increased confusion, anxiety or agitation.Dementia Australia says that the early signs of dementia “are very subtle” and may not be immediately obvious. 
20220219_163941_uga_C000648_A000002	economictimes.indiatimes.com	https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/magazines/panache/queen-elizabeth-ii-tests-positive-for-covid-19-experiencing-mild-cold-like-symptoms/articleshow/89714406.cms	UGA	LONDON: tested positive for COVID-19 on Sunday and is experiencing mild, cold-like symptoms, Buckingham Palace said, adding that she still plans to carry on working. The diagnosis prompted concern and get-well wishes from across Britains political spectrum for the famously stoic 95-year-old. Britains longest-reigning monarch and a fixture in the life of the nation, the queen reached the milestone of 70 years on the throne on Feb. 6, the anniversary of the 1952 death of her father, King George VI. She will turn 96 on April 21. The palace said the queen, who has been fully vaccinated and had a booster shot, would continue with light duties at Windsor Castle over the coming week. ``She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines,`` the palace said in a statement. People in the U.K. who test positive for COVID-19 are now required to self-isolate for at least five days, although the British government says it plans to lift that requirement for England this week. « Back to recommendation stories Both the queens eldest son Prince Charles, 73, and her 74-year-old daughter-in-law Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall contracted COVID-19 earlier this month. Charles has since returned to work. There are also thought to be several recent virus cases among staff at Windsor Castle, where the queen is staying. Paul Hunter, an infectious diseases expert at the University of East Anglia, said the queen would likely be given one of several antiviral drugs that have been approved in the U.K. to treat COVID-19. ``If you do get them early enough, it does reduce the risk of severe disease developing, so I would imagine any doctor for a patient in their 90s would be considering giving these antivirals, he said. A host of senior British politicians sent get-well messages on Sunday. Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted: ``Im sure I speak for everyone in wishing Her Majesty The Queen a swift recovery from COVID and a rapid return to vibrant good health. Health Secretary Sajid Javid wrote that he was ``Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a quick recovery, while opposition Labour Party leader Keir Starmer wished the queen ``good health and a speedy recovery. Get well soon, Maam. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison also sent well-wishes. ``We wish her a full recovery and there are few more resilient people than Her Majesty. She has demonstrated that over a long lifetime, Morrison said Monday, according to Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Elizabeth has been in robust health for most of her reign and has been photographed riding a horse as recently as 2020. In the past year she has been seen using a walking stick, and in October she spent a night in a London hospital for unspecified tests. The queens doctors ordered her to rest after that and she was forced to cancel appearances at several key events, including Remembrance Sunday services and the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow, Scotland in November. This month she returned to public duties and has held audiences both virtually and in person with diplomats, politicians and senior military officers. During one exchange caught on camera last week, she walked slowly with a stick and said ``as you can see I cant move in apparent reference to her leg. The queen delivered two televised messages to the nation early in the pandemic in 2020, and has sought to lead by example. She let it be known she had been vaccinated, and last year sat alone during the funeral of her husband of 72 years, Prince Philip, because of restrictions. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, said members of the royal family are probably more concerned than the queen about her situation. ``I would guess that she will be matter-of-fact about the diagnosis in a way perhaps that the people around her are less matter-of-fact, he said. The queen has a busy schedule over the next few months of her Platinum Jubilee year, and is scheduled to attend in-person public engagements in the coming weeks, including a diplomatic reception at Windsor on March 2 and the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14. On March 29, she has a remembrance service at Westminster Abbey for Philip, who died in April 2021 at 99. Public celebrations of the Platinum Jubilee are scheduled over a long weekend June 2-5, with festivities including a military parade, a day of horse racing and neighborhood parties. The queen is the latest monarch from around the world to catch COVID-19. Queen Margrethe of Denmark, 82, and Spains King Felipe VI, 54, both tested positive for the illness earlier in February and had mild symptoms. Her diagnosis comes after a difficult week for Britains royal family. On Tuesday the queens second son, Prince Andrew, settled a U.S. lawsuit brought by a woman who claimed he had sexually abused with her when she was 17 and traveling with the late financier and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew strenuously denied the claim by Virginia Giuffre. He agreed in a settlement to make a substantial donation to his accusers charity. On Wednesday, Londons Metropolitan Police launched an investigation into allegations that people associated with one of Prince Charles charities offered to help a Saudi billionaire secure honors and citizenship in return for donations. 
20220219_163941_uga_C000648_A000003	www.independent.co.ug	https://www.independent.co.ug/govt-finally-terminates-contract-of-uganda-airlines-ceo/	UGA	Muleya being interviewed by the BBC. FILE PHOTO UG AIRLINES MEDIA Entebbe, Uganda | THE INDEPENDENT | The government has terminated the contract of the Chief Executive Officer-CEO of Uganda Airlines Cornwell Muleya and other top managers. Waiswa Bageya, the Permanent Secretary Ministry of Works and Transport says that the decision was taken on Friday by the interim board. The Works and Transport Minister, Gen. Edward Katumba Wamala suspended Muleya and 12 other top officials on April 21, 2021, on the orders of President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni to pave way for investigations into allegations of financial mismanagement, collusion, and nepotism in staff recruitment among other issues. The other affected top managers included Rogers Wamara the Director Commercial, finance director Paul Turacayisenga, and Procurement Manager Moses Wangalwa. Also, the Sales and marketing manager Deo Nyanzi, Andrew Tumusiime (Senior administration manager), Harvey Kalama (Ground Operational Manager), Bruno Oringi (Safety Manager), Michael Kaliisa (Quality manager), Crew Training Manager Juliet Otage Odur, and first Officers Kenneth Kiyemba and Alex Kakooza were suspended. They all continued getting their full salary during this period. The President also directed the disbandment of the Pereza Ahabwe, the Chairperson Board of Directors. As a result, an interim board of directors chaired by Bageya was put in place to oversee the airline. After nine months on suspension, Bageya says the interim board has decided to terminate the CEO’s contract and that of Wamara. Bageya however says the other managers and officers have either been terminated or reinstated while two are still on suspension pending vetting from security agencies and confirmation on whether or not they passed technical training. Bageya however says the Inspectorate of Government had also picked interest in the allegations against the suspended staff. “We have concluded the case against most of the suspended officials administratively. But we are also waiting for the decision of Inspector General of Government on the matter.” “I cannot disclose the reasons for the CEO’s termination right now because the IGG is still conducting investigations. But the interim board of directors decided to terminate his contract because the allegations against him were substantial and he was found culpable.” Muleya, Wamara, and other affected staff by the time of filing this report had not yet commented about this development. Bageya however says the terminal benefits of those fired will be paid. The total payment figure remains undisclosed. The Ministry of Works hired Muleya in September 2019 and renewed his contract three times before he was suspended. His latest contract was renewed in 2021 with the expiry being in September 2022. Muleya, a Zambian, ventured into aviation in 1995 as General Manager and CEO of Air Botswana Corporation for eight years, moved on to Air Mauritius, and worked as CEO for Zambezi Airlines Ltd and ALS Limited in Kenya. Then, he was contracted as CEO of Air Uganda in 2013. He has thereby worked in aviation for over 23 years. Auditor General not impressed The interim board’s decision comes weeks after Auditor General John Muwanga, noted in his latest report that Uganda Airlines is losing billions due to the delayed conclusions of the suspension cases. Muwanga noted that the suspended staff remained on the same terms of the contract and those acting in their positions “receive extra pay implying double payment for the same position. As a consequence, the company has lost Shillings 2.3 Billion Shillings from May to November 2021. Sources at the airline indicated that Muleya earns over Shillings 50 million every month while top managers earn more than Shillings 40 million monthly. Bageya has confirmed that Muleya has been earning shillings 120 million as his monthly gross salary. Gen. Katumba appointed Jenifer Bamuturaki Musiime as Acting CEO and other staff to carry out roles of the suspended managers in May 2021. Musiime had earlier worked at Uganda Airlines as the commercial director but was dismissed over corruption allegations. Musiime in an acting position has been earning close to Shillings 60 million monthly while Muleya continued to earn his monthly salary resulting in double payment, according to the Auditor-General. Bageya says the shareholders will present a list of board of directors for approval in the cabinet next week. The government revived the national carrier 2019 to lower transport costs, boost tourism and business opportunities for Ugandans. Registered as Uganda National Airlines Company Ltd (UNACL), the airline is under the joint supervision of the ministries of works and finance, which own 50 percent shares each. It currently has over 300 staff including top managers who are mostly in acting positions. In October 2021, Finance Minister, Matia Kasaija said that the shareholders had made the mistake of appointing an incompetent board of directors and managers. He said that the two rocky years of the national carrier had largely been a result of the appointment of the board directors and managers without experience in the aviation industry. Kasaija however said that the shareholders would resolve the corporate governance and management issues by mid-2022. **** URN 
20220219_163941_uga_C000648_A000025	www.buzzfeed.com	https://www.buzzfeed.com/larryfitzmaurice/paul-dano-couldnt-sleep-the-batman	UGA	My head was just throbbing with heat. The Batman — yes, the one starring — is already one of the most anticipated movies of the year. Warner Bros / Courtesy Everett Collection Along with Pattinson, Paul Dano (who you might remember from There Will Be Blood) plays one of Batmans nemeses, the Riddler. Warner Bros / courtesy Everett Collection In an interview with , Dano revealed that playing the Riddler was so intense that he ended up losing sleep while immersed in the role. Dan Macmedan / WireImage / Getty Images “There were some nights around that I probably didn’t sleep as well as I would’ve wanted to just because it was a little hard to come down from this character,” he explained. Rachel Luna / Getty Images “It takes a lot of energy to get there. And so you almost have to sustain it once you’re there because going up and down is kind of hard.” Paul Archuleta / FilmMagic / Getty images Dano says that part of the reason he had trouble sleeping was because hed wrap himself in plastic wrap to get into character — since The Riddler doesnt like leaving DNA at crime scenes. Walter Mcbride / WireImage / Getty Images “My head was just throbbing with heat,” Paul remembered. “I went home that night, after the first full day in that, and I almost couldn’t sleep because I was scared of what was happening to my head. Pacific Press / LightRocket via Getty Images It was like compressed from the sweat and the heat and the lack of oxygen. It was a crazy feeling.” Slaven Vlasic / Getty Images Read the whole interview . The Batman hits theaters on March 4. BuzzFeed DailyKeep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! 
20220219_163941_uga_C000648_A000030	www.sciencefocus.com	https://www.sciencefocus.com/news/why-is-the-iss-being-retired-and-what-will-happen-to-it/	UGA	It is one of the most iconic pieces of space hardware in history, but the days of the International Space Station are now officially numbered. NASA has announced that the curtain will finally fall on the ISS in 2031. The football-pitch-sized orbit outpost will be decommissioned, brought crashing back to Earth before splashing down in a remote part of the Pacific Ocean.The ISS has a rich history. It has been continuously inhabited since November 2000, with crews of astronauts swapping in and out for typical six month stays.There are some adults who can now say that there has been someone in space for every single day of their lives. There are children who watch the ISS pass overhead on Christmas Eve, told by their parents that’s it is Santa and his sleigh.It was designed as a home away from home. A tentative first toe into the celestial waters. A place to test out how to live in space for months at a time still relatively close to the safety of the Earth. The lessons we’ve learned about living in microgravity have set us up with the confidence to later this decade and then to venture out to Mars after that.Astronaut Jessica Meir spent 204 days in space from 25 September 2019 to 17 April 2020. She completed three spacewalks, including the first all-female spacewalk alongside ISS crew member Christina Koch. © NASA/ESAYet, as with everything in life, nothing can last forever. In September last year Russia warned that at least 80 per cent of their section of the ISS has in-flight systems that are passed their expiry date. Cracks have started to appear in the Zarya cargo module. There has also been a series of air leaks in the crew’s living quarters.This structural fatigue is part of the reason the ISS will be vacated in 2030 and de-orbited the following year. NASA made this plan official in January when they released an updated .Read more about the ISS:With eight years left before the last crew leaves, there will now be a shift in emphasis. The last few years have seen a growing collaboration between publicly funded space agencies like NASA and privately owned businesses like Elon Musk’s SpaceX.The rest of the 2020s will see the increasing commercialisation of the ISS, with habitable modules available for private space travellers to stay in. December 2024 should see the launch of a six-metre-wide film studio called Space Entertainment Enterprise-1 (SEE-1). It will be a place to make Hollywood blockbusters in weightlessness, with Tom Cruise widely reported to be shooting a film there.Then comes the tricky part: what to do with it. Leaving it in space would pose a significant danger. The ISS is the biggest thing orbiting the Earth after the Moon. If it was hit by a piece of space junk it would create a shower of debris that would threaten all of our satellite infrastructure in low-Earth orbit.So the ISS will join a host of other retired space hardware in a watery grave in the Pacific Ocean. It will be brought down in place known as Point Nemo, or the Oceanic Pole of Inaccessibility. Situated between New Zealand and South America, it is 2,688 kilometres from the nearest land. So the falling debris poses very little danger to humans.The Russian-built Zarya cargo module is starting to look worse for wear. © NASA/ESAThere are other concerns, however.“There are potential impacts to the marine environment,” says Vito De Lucia, from the Norwegian Centre for the Law of the Sea, and co-author of a report into protecting the marine environment in the so-called spacecraft cemetery. “But those seem to have been generally neglected by space agencies.”One key issue is that toxic or radioactive materials may survive atmospheric re-entry, something NASA itself concedes.“Once the debris enters the ocean, it would be expected to settle to the ocean floor and some would become encrusted and incorporated into the sediments,” a NASA spokesperson says.“Although unlikely, some leakage could occur from previously sealed containers that remained intact through reentry and impact. However, no substantial long-term impacts would be expected.”That may not be the end of the matter, however. De Lucia says that a new international treaty is currently being negotiated to tackle the issue of marine biodiversity conversation in areas which are in international waters, like Point Nemo.“This new treaty may be adopted and perhaps even enter into force within a time frame relevant to the re-entry of the ISS,” he says.NASA may have to tweak its plans.Whatever its ultimate fate, the ISS has paved the way for the future of human space exploration. NASA is planning to build a similar station - called - in orbit around the Moon. Astronauts will live and work there, using it is a staging post for trips to the lunar surface. That wouldn’t be possible without the valuable lessons we’ve learned from decades of the ISS. 
20220219_163941_uga_C000672_A000019	www.techgamingreport.com	https://www.techgamingreport.com/whatsapp-anyone-who-has-found-this-hidden-feature-can-no-longer-do-without-it-2/	UGA	Not all Whatsapp users know about this trick: a well-hidden feature makes your chat life easier. WhatsApp hides an ingenious function that not everyone knows about. A important message in one chat can as marked favorite and be found again in an instant. It is easy. Munich – WhatsApp it is good for various types of communication: to discuss important topics and binding appointments, as well as for long conversations. It gets hard when both mixed. When you get really important information in a chat and then it gets filled with loads of other messages. Because you just had a conversation or about a * exchanges. What can easily happen not only in private messages, but especially in groups, where the virtual tongue is even looser. So you scroll back through the chat days or weeks later with the thought: When did I get the really important message again? Our Screenshot It serves as an example: an important appointment is displaced by many other messages. When was that again? meeting? You don’t want to ask either. A typical example: you make a date and then continue chatting; until she needs it, she has forgotten the rendezvous/meeting point. ©screenshot Whatsapp with ingenious function: mark a message as a favorite Fortunately, WhatsApp has one well hidden functionwho not everyone knows . But once you have discovered them, you will no longer be able to do without: Bookmark individual messages! Mark individual messages as favorites: touch and hold them and then select the star, and you will always find them easily again. Here’s how it works: If you’ve received an important message that you want to quickly find again later, hold it down with your finger for a long time (anyone okay as well as Android). A menu will appear with the option to bookmark the message with a mark a star. This is where the “Mark with a star” function is hidden. ©screenshot Whatsapp: Messages marked as favorites are stored in the contact Then, after days or weeks, when you open the chat with the person or group, click on the name line at the top. There you will find the pointmarked with an asterisk“. Where all the messages that you have marked as favorites for that contact or group are hidden. Perfect for those with a poor memory: the list of starred messages from a contact. ©screenshot There’s no other way to find important messages so quickly – and after making an important appointment, you can also use the * discuss or exchange funny GIFs. And many more too . (line) * is an offer of . Image of rubric list: © Screenshot 
20220219_163941_uga_C000672_A000020	www.cnet.com	https://www.cnet.com/tech/gaming/street-fighter-6-announced-at-capcom-pro-tour-finals/	UGA	After much rumor and speculation, Street Fighter 6 is official. The iconic fighting game franchises latest iteration was announced Sunday after the Capcom Pro Tour Street Fighter 5 tournament. Fans have been waiting for Street Fighter 6 news over the past week, on its website that ended during the Pro Tour finale.The Street Fighter 6 teaser featured a staredown between Ryu and Luke, the latter of which was introduced in Street Fighter V. No consoles or release window was announced, though it promised more news would come in Summer of this year. You can see it in full below. The last major game in the franchise was Street Fighter 5, released back in 2016. As with every Street Fighter game, Capcom updated it several times by adding new characters, stages and gameplay tweaks, with subsequent Arcade and Champion Editions coming in 2018 and 2020.It was announced alongside , an anthology of classic Capcom fighting games, including several Darkstalkers and Street Fighter titles.Street Fighter 6 is the first major fighting game to debut in the / era, with the developers behind Tekken and Mortal Kombat yet to announce any plans for games built from the ground up for the current generation of consoles. The Pro Tour tournament was won by Kawano Chan, who defeated Street Fighter legend Diago Umehara in the final. 
20220219_163941_irl_C000680_A000020	news.samsung.com	https://news.samsung.com/in/over-the-horizon-2022-illustrates-a-heartfelt-vision-for-the-new-world	IRL	For more than a decade, Samsung Electronics’ ringtone “Over the Horizon” has empowered users and musicians alike to put their own unique spin on the classic tune. With each new edition of the Galaxy S series comes an opportunity for contemporary artists to remix the song to reflect the current mood of an ever-changing world. For the release of the Galaxy S22, Samsung has gone even further. For the first time, “Over the Horizon” is debuting alongside an animated film, blending the artistic expression of both a world-renowned musician and a visual artist to capture the feelings of today. The latest version, themed “New World,” breathes new life into a post-pandemic world reimagined through jazztronica music and heartfelt illustrations. VIDEO LA-based musician Kiefer Shackleford is a pianist and producer known for his cross-genre, hip-hop-influenced aesthetic and jazzy electronic sound. “’Over the Horizon’ was a genuinely enjoyable experience for me,” said Shackleford. “A great roster of musicians has been a part of the Samsung Galaxy signature ringtone, which gave me the impression that Samsung is looking for some solid music, not just any other ringtone. You have a five to ten-second opportunity to bring a spark to everyone’s day, and I hope this hopeful, optimistic and wistful melody does the trick.” Bringing Shackleford’s music to the screen are illustrations from fellow Grammy-nominated artist and producer Phil Beaudreau. His sketches draw viewers into a familiar world that has shaken off the dust of the pandemic. His warm, silhouetted characters evoke nostalgia for a time when we were free to interact and smile freely, as people dribble basketballs, run through parks and connect without fear. All of this plays out in front of an animated Shackleford and his piano, his jazzy chords bringing the whole scene to life. The 2022 version of “Over the Horizon” envisions a world where we emerge from the pandemic better than we were before — remembering what we’ve learned, reaching out for new connections and ready to rebuild. Paired with the new Galaxy S22 devices, it’s a powerful message. While the Galaxy S22 gives you the power and freedom to shape your world, the latest take on “Over the Horizon” encourages us to make that world our best one yet. VIDEO 
20220219_163941_bwa_C000681_A000032	bigthink.com	https://bigthink.com/starts-with-a-bang/alcyoneus-largest-galaxy/	BWA	Ever since other galaxies were discovered, we’ve wondered, ““Most of the largest known galaxies in the Universe are found at the hearts of massive galaxy clusters, like the Hercules galaxy cluster shown here. Because galaxies assemble and grow over cosmic time, it’s the closest galaxies, on average, that are most likely to be the largest ones we observe today. (: ESO/INAF-VST/OmegaCAM. Acknowledgement: OmegaCen/Astro-WISE/Kapteyn Institute)Most galaxies , with under 1% of the Milky Way’s stars.The low-mass, dusty, irregular galaxy NGC 3077 is actively forming new stars, has a very blue center, and has a hydrogen gas bridge connecting it to M81. One of 34 galaxies in the M81 Group, it’s an example of the most common type of galaxy in the Universe: much smaller and lower in mass, but far more numerous, than galaxies like our Milky Way. (: ESA/Hubble and NASA) In physical extent, the Milky Way’s stars span a diameter of ~130,000 light-years.Often touted as a galaxy similar to the Milky Way, the Sunflower Galaxy, Messier 63, also displays stellar streams and debris that’s evidence for a recent, and perhaps even an ongoing, minor merger: an example of galactic cannibalism. Although we’d love to have a picture of our Milky Way from outside of it to know what our true galactic extent is, the sheer magnitude of cosmic distances make that an impossible task. (: Tony and Daphne Hallas/Astrophoto.com)Andromeda, just next door, is : ~220,000 light-years.The Andromeda galaxy (M31), as imaged from a ground-based telescope with multiple filters and reconstructed to show a colorized portrait. Compared to the Milky Way, Andromeda is significantly larger in extent, with a diameter that’s approximately 220,000 light-years: comparable to double the Milky Way’s size. If the Milky Way were shown superimposed atop Andromeda, its stellar disk would end roughly where Andromeda’s dust lanes appear darkest. (: Adam Evans/flickr)Tidally interacting galaxies, however, .The Tadpole Galaxy, shown here, has an enormous tail: evidence of tidal interactions. The gas that’s stripped out of one galaxy gets stretched into a long, thin strand, which contracts under its own gravity to form stars. The main galactic element itself is comparable to the scale of the Milky Way, but the tidal stream alone is some ~280,000 light-years long: more than twice as large as our Milky Way’s estimated size. (: NASA, H. Ford (JHU), G. Illingsworth (USCS/LO), M. Clampin (STScI), G. Hartig (STScI), the ACS science team, and ESA)The largest known spiral is : 832,000 light-years across.This galaxy, UGC 2885, also known as Rubin’s galaxy, is the largest spiral galaxy ever discovered, and possess about 10 times as many stars as the Milky Way. UGC 2885 is severely gravitationally disrupted. At an estimated 832,000 light-years across, it is arguably the largest known spiral galaxy, although its tidal arms and distorted shape are likely temporary on cosmic timescales. (: NASA, ESA, and B. Holwerda (University of Louisville))Elliptical galaxies, particularly in cluster cores, achieve superior sizes.The massive galaxy cluster SDSS J1004+4112, like many galaxy clusters, is richer than most environments in space in terms of elliptical galaxies. Although spirals are present, they are few in number, particularly towards the cluster center. At the very core of the cluster, the largest galaxy in terms of its stellar extent can be found. Hints of a jet can also be seen, to the left of the central, largest galaxy. (: ESA, NASA, K. Sharon (Tel Aviv University) and E. Ofek (Caltech)), the Virgo Supercluster’s largest, spans 980,000 light-years across.Located approximately 55 million light-years from Earth, the galaxy M87 contains an enormous relativistic jet, as well as outflows that show up in both the radio and X-ray. This optical image showcases a jet; we now know, from the Event Horizon Telescope, that the rotation axis of the black hole points away from Earth, tilted at about 17 degrees. (: ESO)The measures 2,200,000 light-years in size.This optical/radio composite of the Phoenix Cluster shows the enormous, bright galaxy at its core. Spanning 2.2 million light-years across for its stellar extent, it’s even larger when measured by its radio emissions. Also, not shown, are copious levels of X-rays, including filaments and cavities, created by the powerful jets of high-energy particles originating from supermassive black holes within the cluster. (: Optical: NASA/STScI; Radio: TIFR/GMRT)But , at cluster ‘s center, has the largest stellar extent.The giant galaxy cluster, Abell 2029, houses galaxy IC 1101 at its core. At 5.5-to-6.0 million light-years across, over 100 trillion stars and the mass of nearly a quadrillion suns, it’s the largest known galaxy of all by many metrics. It’s unfortunately difficult for the Universe to make something significantly larger owing to its finite age and the presence of dark energy. (: Digitized Sky Survey 2; NASA)With a 6,000,000 light-year diameter, no galaxy’s stars cover greater lengths.Composite of galaxies from the smallest to the largest, shown (approximately) actual size. The giant elliptical galaxy at the heart of cluster Abell 2029, IC 1101, is the largest known galaxy in the Universe, at least in terms of stellar extent. It is much, much larger than the Milky Way or Andromeda (or any spiral galaxy), but also towers over even other typical giant ellipticals. (Credit: E. Siegel)Beyond the stars, however, galaxies possess matter-rich halos.Even the Milky Way, a relatively quiet galaxy with a relatively small central supermassive black hole, exhibits giant geysers of charged particles emanating from the galactic center. They can be revealed by radio telescopes, such as this image constructed with data from the Parked radio telescope, a.k.a. The Dish. (: A. Mellinger (C. Michigan), E. Carretti (CSIRO), S-PASS Team, E. Bressert (CSIRO))Although non-luminous in optical light, they can .The supermassive black hole at the center of giant radio galaxy J021659-044920 is active, and produces radio lobes on large scales, spanning millions of light years, as shown in yellow and red contours. This is massive and impressive, but also typical for giant radio galaxies. (: P. Tamhane et al., MNRAS, 2015)Active black holes , which and trigger emissions.This illustration of a radio-loud quasar that is embedded within a star-forming galaxy gives a close-up look of how giant radio galaxies are expected to emerge. At the center of an active galaxy with a supermassive black hole, jets are emitted that slam into the larger galactic halo, energizing the gas and plasma and causing radio emissions in the form of jets close by the black hole, and then plumes and/or lobes farther away. (: ESA/C. Carreau)Giant radio galaxies : the of all.A combination of optical data from the Hubble Space Telescope and radio data from the Very Large Array reveals the full structure of the giant radio galaxy Hercules A. The radio jets and lobes create a structure that absolutely outclasses the stellar extent of the galaxy in question. (: NASA, ESA, S. Baum and C. O’Dea (RIT), R. Perley and W. Cotton (NRAO/AUI/NSF), and the Hubble Heritage Team (STScI/AURA))In 2022, emitted from .The radio feature of the galaxy Alcyoneus includes a central, active black hole, collimated jets, and two giant radio lobes at either end. The Milky Way is shown at the bottom for scale, as well as “10x the Milky Way” for perspective. (: M.S.S.L. Oei et al., Astronomy & Astrophysics, 2022; animation: E. Siegel)They span 16,000,000 light-years in extent, .This image, which shows radio data overlaid atop WISE (infrared) data, displays the full physical extent of the giant radio galaxy Alcyoneus, now identified, at a scale of 16 million light-years (5 Megaparsecs), as presently the largest known galaxy in the Universe. (: M.S.S.L. Oei et al., Astronomy & Astrophysics, 2022) No other galaxy, even IC 1101, can compare: Alcyoneus is .In a first-of-its-kind image, the scale of galaxies, including the Milky Way, Andromeda, the largest spiral (UGC 2885), the largest elliptical (IC 1101), and the largest radio galaxy, Alcyoneus, are all shown together and, accurately, to scale. (Credit: E. Siegel)Mostly Mute Monday tells an astronomical story in images, visuals, and no more than 200 words. Talk less; smile more. 
20220219_163941_can_C000684_A000021	screenrant.com	https://screenrant.com/oppo-findx5-pro-chip-comparison-galaxy-s22-ultra/	CAN	OPPOs Find X5 Pro will ship with a custom imaging chip to boost camera performance, but does it have what it takes to beat the Galaxy S22 Ultra? Oppo will soon announce its flagship of 2022, the , and ahead of the launch event scheduled for Feb. 24, it has released a few key details of the smartphone, one of which is a game-changing feature that will up the capabilities of the camera. Will this feature give it an edge over Samsungs Galaxy S22 Ultra in terms of camera performance? As one of the brands owned by BBK Electronics, Oppo is known for its incredible technological innovations in multiple areas such as fast charging and camera. While some of these developments remain a proof of concept, an example is its . Others make it to commercially available products, including those from its sister companies, OnePlus and Realme. SCREENRANT VIDEO OF THE DAY RELATED: At the 2021 edition of its annual INNO Day event, Oppo announced the MariSilicon X, a custom image processing chip that will help improve the camera performance of its phones. has officially confirmed that the chipset will appear in the Find X5 Pro. OPPO claims the 6nm imaging Neural Processing Unit (NPU) will provide real-time RAW processing, and up to 20x faster 4K AI performance, that may make it a strong contender for the smartphone camera king. Can It Beat The Galaxy S22 Ultra? The Galaxy S22 Ultra is the top model of Samsungs new Galaxy S22 lineup, and it boasts some impressive camera features. The phone packs a 40MP front-facing camera and four rear cameras that include a 12MP ultrawide angle camera, a 108MP primary camera, a 10MP telephoto camera with 3x optical zoom, and a second 10MP telephoto camera with 10x optical zoom. While OPPO hasnt officially disclosed the camera specifications, of the Find X5 Pro have revealed it will have a 32MP selfie camera and three rear cameras made up of , a 13MP telephoto camera, and a 50MP ultrawide angle camera. Samsung not only packs its phone with high-pixel-count sensors but also software that makes the best use of them. The Galaxy S22 Ultra is an artificial intelligence-enhanced portrait mode that can pick out even a strand of hair from the background thanks to a new AI Stereo Depth Map. There is also Nightography, an improved night mode that is better at taking and recording photos in low-light. The phone also has an Expert RAW App that allows users to shoot 16-bit RAW images using any of the four cameras with lots of controls to tweak the output. OPPO is promising real-time RAW processing on the Find X5 Pro in addition to 4K video , all while saving power, according to its claims of being the most power-efficient NPU. Its partnership with Hasselblad for better color reproduction, especially concerning skin tones, may also give it the upper hand. However, the Galaxy S22 Ultra should be capable of sharper images thanks to its higher-res 108MP primary camera. It should also fare much better when it comes to zoom as it boasts two telephoto cameras. Nevertheless, a comparison of both devices will still be required to decide which phone is better at capturing images. Asides from the imaging chip, OPPO has also revealed the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor will power the Find X5 Pro, but there will also be a version with a processor. The phone will also have a ceramic back and will be available in white and black. NEXT: Source: , About The Author Habeeb Onawole (305 Articles Published) Habeeb enjoys writing about the consumer technology space and has a keen interest in wearables, Android smartphones and tablets, and Chromebooks. When hes not writing, hes catching up on the latest TV shows and movies. 
20220219_163941_uga_C000694_A000015	www.digitimes.com	https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20220217VL202/africa-unicorn.html	UGA	According to CB Insights, there are more than 900 unicorn companies worldwide, with seven in Africa, four of which appeared during January-September 2021. The funds collected by African startups during first-half 2021 were more than the sum accumulated during 2015-2018.I recently met the founder of one of the unicorns. We discused the possibility of setting up an electronics supply chain in Africa. The young entrepreneur from Nigeria is in his 30s, and is described as one of the most influential people in Africa.With a population of 200 million people, Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa, which has a population of 1.3 billion people. The annual mobile phone sales in Nigeria reached 40 million units, mostly provided by Chinas branded vendors, with the cheapest mobile phone sold for US$27. The entrepreneur is exploring ways to produce mobile phones and computers in Africa, and Taiwan is his first choice in search of possible partnerships.I personally believe that decentralized production is gradually taking shape. Localized production provides employments for various countries, even if it is as simple as the assembly work. If the system can be operable in different countries and profitable to sustain everyones livelihood, it is the decent way to run a business.The populations in East Asian countries are ageing. With 3.4% GDP growth and 60% of its 1.3 billion people under the age of 25, Africa promises increasing significance in the global economy and culture.In the new Internet-driven economy, the number of global unicorn companies is approachig the 1,000-benchmark. The US still has the most unicorn companies, while the share of Chinese unicorn is dropping from a peak of 24% to 18.6%, replaced by unicorns from other emerging countries.Africa-based Opay once again successfully raised US$400 million in 2021, becoming the first company in Africa with a market value of more than US$2 billion. It took longer for unicorn companies in Africa to achieve unicorn status before 2020. Africas most senior unicorn companies Interswitch and Fawry were established in 2002 and 2008 respectively. But the other five African unicorns spent less than five years reaching the status, with four of them spending an average of 3.75 years by 2021, indicating that Africas model of cultivating unicorns is getting mature.With great potential to become a unicorn enterprise, Soonicorn refers to a mini-unicorn business established in the recent five years with accumulated funds of more than US$100 million.According to Antler, the average age of unicorn founders worldwide is 34. The average age of the 114 African startups surveyed is 29, with only 20% of them over 35 years old, and only 8% of them are females. These entrepreneurs have an average of eight years of work experience before starting a business. Upbeat about business opportunities in Africa, now more than 200 venture capital companies have been established. SoftBanks Vision Fund invested in Nigeria-based Opay. However, it is estimated that Africa only accounts for 3% of the global venture capital investment, with most of it going to finance, energy, e-commerce, as well as logistics and agricultural technology.We are fully aware that Africas business environment is not as good as that of developed countries. Nevertheless, young African entrepreneurs have started early and become more and more mature thanks to the widespread Internet. Although only two-thirds of the 114 African entrepreneurs surveyed are local Africans, the increasing local presence suggests that understanding the local market is getting more and more important. Many of these African startup entrepreneurs have worked in well-known companies such as Mckinsey, Google, IBM, and PayPal. Coming from Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa, many studied in famous universities in Europe or the US. Now their challenge is how to leverage the financial and employment opportunities in Africa.Indias Reliance Jio was originally a telecom company with poor telecommunications services. Through bundling telecommunications services with low-cost mobile phones, it outperformed the others to become a market leader in India. It is important for African Internet companies to demonstrate local values by leveraging hardware business. Emerging countries may have many problems, but their demographic dividends allow local businesses to explore successful business models. 
20220219_163941_gbr_C000710_A000004	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/feb/21/monday-briefing-credit-suisse	GBR	Top story: What is the Suisse secrets leak and why are we publishing it?Hello, Warren Murray here to open the week in news.A massive leak from one of the world’s biggest private banks, Credit Suisse, has exposed the . Details of accounts linked to 30,000 Credit Suisse clients all over the world are contained in the leak, which unmasks the beneficiaries of more than 100bn Swiss francs (Ł80bn)* held in one of Switzerland’s best-known financial institutions. The leak points to , despite repeated pledges over decades to weed out dubious clients and illicit funds. The Guardian is part of a consortium of media outlets given exclusive access to the data.We can reveal how Credit Suisse repeatedly either opened or maintained bank accounts for a . They include a human trafficker in the Philippines, a Hong Kong stock exchange boss jailed for bribery, a billionaire who ordered the murder of his Lebanese pop star girlfriend, and executives who looted Venezuela’s state oil company, as well as corrupt politicians from Egypt to Ukraine. One Vatican-owned account in the data was used to spend €350m (Ł290m) in an allegedly fraudulent investment in London property that is at the centre of an ongoing criminal trial of several defendants, including a cardinal.The huge trove of banking data was leaked by an anonymous whistleblower to the German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung. Credit Suisse said that Switzerland’s strict banking secrecy laws prevented it from commenting on claims relating to individual clients. “Credit Suisse strongly rejects the allegations and inferences about the bank’s purported business practices,” the bank said in a , arguing that the matters uncovered by reporters are based on “selective information taken out of context, resulting in tendentious interpretations of the bank’s business conduct”. The bank also said the allegations were largely historical, in some instances dating back to a time when “laws, practices and expectations of financial institutions were very different from where they are now”. While some accounts in the data were open as far back as the 1940s, more than two-thirds were opened since 2000. Many of those were still open well into the past decade, and a portion remain open today.Credit Suisse response to Suisse secrets disclosures available .* Currency conversions are based on historical rates.Biden, Putin may meet – Joe Biden and Vladimir Putin have agreed in principle to attend a summit aimed at de-escalating the Ukraine crisis, France’s presidency has announced. It follows . The Élysée Palace said the summit “can only be held if Russia does not invade Ukraine”. The White House said Biden had accepted in principle, although “currently Russia appears to be continuing preparations for a full-scale assault on Ukraine very soon”. Biden convened a rare Sunday meeting of his national security council. Moscow has rescinded its undertaking to end military exercises in Belarus which were due to conclude on Sunday. The Belarus defence ministry said Russian troops would stay indefinitely. We are of course .End of Covid restrictions – Cabinet will meet today to rubber-stamp the . Changes are expected to include ending the legal requirement to isolate if you have Covid; ending universal free PCR and lateral flow tests; ending the national contact tracing service; and ending twice-weekly tests for schoolchildren. Boris Johnson told the BBC that coronavirus “remains a dangerous disease” for vulnerable and unvaccinated people, but it was time “to see our country really getting back on its feet”. Separately, Priti Patel has agreed to outside schools and vaccination clinics. Buckingham Palace said but was due to continue with light duties this week. And Australia has finally .SBTV founder dies – Jamal Edwards, who set up the media platform SBTV, which helped catapult grime and new artists like Ed Sheeran, Dave and Jessie J to global fame, . Edwards said he started SBTV “on a Ł20 phone” while he was still at school and grew it into a leading online youth broadcaster. Edwards was born in Luton in 1990 and grew up in Acton, west London.Jamal Edwards set up SBTV, a hugely influential media platform for emerging music. Photograph: David M Benett/Dave Benett/Getty ImagesHe received a BTec diploma in media moving image from Ealing College and worked at retail chain Topman to financially support himself while developing SBTV. A director, author, DJ, entrepreneur and designer, he was awarded an MBE in 2014 – when he was 24 – for his work in music. He was an ambassador for the Prince of Wales’s charity, the Prince’s Trust, and undertook extensive philanthropic work, including in mental health and the funding of youth centres.Ottawa freed of convoy – Canadian police have fenced off the Ottawa city centre after . Seventy-six vehicles had been towed, police said on Sunday, and with the came 191 arrests and the prospect of more. Demonstrators had used hundreds of trucks and vehicles to block the city centre since 28 January.Ottawa trucker protest: pepper spray and scuffles as police try to clear capital – videoOn the weekend police used pepper spray and stun grenades to clear most of the area in front of Canada’s federal parliament. Protesters who were filmed by police and had left the city would be held to account, said Ottawa’s interim police chief, Steve Bell. “We will actively look to identify you and follow up with financial sanctions and criminal charges.” Canada’s parliament is due on Monday to vote on whether to keep in force emergency powers invoked by the prime minister, Justin Trudeau.House prices spiral up – First-time buyers are expected to lose out again in the race to buy the few properties on the market. Asking prices for homes newly listed in Britain rose by a record 2.3% in February, according to the property website Rightmove. The site said it was the biggest monthly increase in the 20 years it has kept records – the average advertised cost of a home was . The number of new property listings increased by 11% during the month, but the number of people looking to buy a property rose by 16%. Rightmove’s figures say average asking prices have risen by nearly Ł40,000 in the two years since the pandemic started, compared with Ł9,000 in the previous two years.Today in Focus podcast: Credit Suisse, a bank for dictators, drug lords and criminalsA leak of data from Credit Suisse has shown how it provided services to known criminals and fraudsters for decades. It’s the , say investigative reporters Kalyeena Makortoff and David Pegg.Today in FocusCredit Suisse, a bank for dictators, drug lords and criminalsSorry your browser does not support audio - but you can download here and listen https://audio.guim.co.uk/2020/05/05-61553-gnl.fw.200505.jf.ch7DW.mp3Lunchtime read: ‘It’s a curious experiment’As Charlie Brooker releases the latest fruits of his new megabucks deal with Netflix – an interactive cartoon about a cat – the Black Mirror creator discusses .Charlie Brooker: ‘Mr Dystopia? That makes me sound like a wrestler.’ Photograph: Michael WharleySport after the latter’s extraordinary sentiment relating to a Saudi Arabia-backed breakaway golf tour. Upon completion of his final round at the Genesis Invitational on Sunday, McIlroy branded Mickelson’s words “naive, selfish, egotistical, ignorant”. The Manchester United manager, Ralf Rangnick, that led to Anthony Elanga being struck by a coin from the Leeds United stand during a fiery contest at Elland Road on Sunday, with the hosts investigating the incident.Dreaming is for free, as someone round these parts once said, and are now two points behind fifth place in the Premier League with two games in hand and both Arsenal and West Ham, the two teams immediately above them, to play away this coming week. The former England midfielder . There may have been some raised eyebrows at the Lionesses’ unusual starting XI to play Spain but against a team laden with Barcelona’s Champions League winners earned a 0-0 draw and demonstrated there is serious depth to England’s squad looking ahead to the European Championship this summer. If there is one man England’s rugby team are keen to see back fit and singing the anthems at Twickenham, .BusinessAsian shares have mostly been lower after a retreat on Wall Street. Tokyo, Seoul, Hong Kong and Shanghai declined while Sydney advanced. At time of writing, futures trading suggests the FTSE will open higher while the pound is worth $1.362 and €1.198.The papersThe Guardian’s joint is promoted heavily on page one today. Also on the front: “”. The Queen’s Covid diagnosis is on the front too, and in the conservative press it’s big news that ties in well with the clamoured-for end of England’s coronavirus restrictions. “Queen’s Covid example to us all”, says the Daily Mail. The Telegraph has “Queen vows to carry on working with Covid”.The Guardian’s front page, Monday 21 February 2022“Queen catches Covid in castle outbreak”, says the Express. The Mirror has “Queen gets Covid but she carries on” and the Metro’s headline is similar: “One keeps calm and carries on”. The Sun puts a foot wrong with “HRH to WFH” – the correct royal style is HM, for Her Majesty. The Times leads with “PM’s ‘pride’ as all restrictions lifted” while the Queen’s diagnosis is an inset panel to that story. In the i they have “Queen still at work with Covid”. The situation on the Ukraine-Russia border is also on fronts of course, and it is the lead in the Financial Times: “Belarus says Russian troops will stay as west seeks Ukraine talks”.Sign upThe Guardian Morning Briefing is delivered to thousands of inboxes bright and early every weekday. If you are not already receiving it by email, you can .For more news: Get in TouchIf you have any questions or comments about any of our newsletters please email Sign up to Inside Saturday to get an exclusive behind the scenes look at the top features from our new magazine delivered to your inbox every weekend 
20220219_163941_gbr_C000710_A000006	www.examinerlive.co.uk	https://www.examinerlive.co.uk/news/local-news/sheffield-flooding-live-car-park-23161623	GBR	Sheffields multi-million-pound flood defences have held, says councilSheffield Council said its multi-million-pound flood defences have held up despite the city being battered by severe storms since last week, reports the Local Democracy Service.Storms Eunice, Dudley and Franklin have all hit the city over recent days – causing serious flooding in some parts of the city and widespread travel disruption. In the council’s latest update today, it said its flood defences – built since the devastating disasters of 2007 and 2019 – have worked. It said river levels had dropped today and it was waiting for the Environment Agency to confirm that it can open the floodgates after checks are carried out on adjoining paths for damage. Other checks for structural damage were also being carried out today. A crack was found in the walls on Broadfield Road. The Environment Agency put a temporary fix on the damage and will repair it when it is safe to do so. 
20220219_163941_gbr_C000710_A000024	www.independent.co.uk	https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/news/call-the-midwife-season-11-bbc-b2019464.html	GBR	viewers have quipped that they were left “stressed out” by the latest series finaleThe show’s finale showed the aftermath of the train crash that occurred in the penultimate episode.Having endured a week of concern, fans were happy to discover that Nurse Nancy Corrigan (Megan Cusack), Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) and Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) all made it out of the episode alive.The characters who died were Lionel Corbett (Marc Elliott) and Dorothy Carnie (Stephanie Jacob).Until they found out that all their favourite characters survived, viewer joked that they were unable to take the stress in a tongue-in-cheek manner on social media.“Far too much for a Sunday evening,” one fan wrote, with another adding: “I can’t handle this.”“That was the most stressful episode of Call the Midwife,” another viewer concluded, with one stating: “Most stressful hour of my life.”‘Call the Midwife’ fans were left devastated by the series 11 finale (BBC)Despite feeling stressed by the events, the show’s longtime fans heaped praise upon the finale, which ultimately ended in a happy fashion.After the episode concluded, the show’s official Twitter account told fans the series would be back for a 12th series in 2023 as well as a Christmas special later this year. 
20220219_163941_gbr_C000710_A000029	www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk	https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/man-city-tottenham-guardiola-everton-23161235	GBR	Pep Guardiola has probably been preparing for this moment for some time. He regularly tells reporters and interviewers that wont win every game, and that he will be looking to see how they respond when the defeat inevitably comes. Now, after Tottenham shocked the Etihad with a late 3-2 win on Saturday, City players have been told in no uncertain terms that will be looking for a positive and focussed week in training. If City players dont let the noise over the title race get to them, they should be ready to start another run starting at Everton next week. Who starts that clash at Goodison Park will be the source of plenty of discussion this week, however. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles The starting line up may well depend on who impresses most in training this week, with Guardiola likely glad to have a full week to assess his players and re-instill some ideas after the shock of a last-minute defeat at the weekend. Then, they can go again with important clashes with Everton, Manchester United and Sporting to get some confidence back. Guardiola always makes changes to his sides, so a number next week wouldnt be a surprise, but all eyes will be on the teamsheet on Saturday evening. And they will be most concentrated on who plays at centre-back. John Stones has been in fine form recently, even at right-back, but was dropped to the bench against Spurs as Guardiola opted to keep Ruben Dias alongside Aymeric Laporte. It was an understandable call, although come full time it had not worked. Dias put in an uncharacteristically shaky performance against tormentor Harry Kane, while Laporte struggled with the movement between Kane and Heung-min Son not for the first time. Stones will fancy his chances of returning against Everton, while Dias and Laporte will both have to fight for their places in training this week. In the last two seasons, City have benefitted from having a first-choice pairing, but this year they have been able to rotate between three brilliant options. When the chosen pair doesnt work, there will always be a world-class option on the bench to emphasise the selection call, so maybe a simple call to send a message after this weekend would to be recall and make a high profile change in defence. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles Similarly, in midfield, Guardiola has a dilemma with his three central midfielders. Bernardo Silva and Kevin De Bruyne are undroppable when at their best, but so is Ilkay Gundogan. The German had a lengthy spell on the bench in the league recently but returned to start the last two games, with Bernardo pushed up. Guardiola hasnt been happy with performances in those two outings, though, and maybe the disruption of the De Bruyne-Bernardo partnership is the reason why. Gundogan was good against Spurs and scored a well-taken goal. It would be harsh to drop him. But for the balance of the team to kick-start another run, he may need to be dropped again. Finally, eyebrows were raised when Riyad Mahrez was left out against Spurs, and it was his nerveless penalty that looked to secure a draw until Kanes late winner. Mahrez is Citys top scorer this season and most in-form winger. An easy way to restore confidence to the team would be to bring him back. Depending on the fitness of Gabriel Jesus and Jack Grealish, there are still options in the remaining two attacking positions, and plenty for Guardiola to assess this week, but he can start the response to Citys rare setback with a big selection call in each third of the pitch. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220219_163941_sgp_C000718_A000029	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/60-years-ago-astronaut-john-glenn-the-first-american-to-orbit-the-earth-aboard-friendship-7/	SGP	A few days before launch, Glenn, right, watches as artist Cecilia “Cece” Bibby paints the name “Friendship 7” on his capsule. Credit: NASAIn February 1962, the space race between the United States and the Soviet Union was in full swing. Both nations had developed spacecraft to send humans into space and selected a group of pilots to fly those spacecraft. The Soviets leaped ahead by placing the first man, Yuri A. Gagarin, in space on April 12, 1961, on a one-orbit flight around the Earth aboard his Vostok spaceship. The United States responded with two suborbital piloted Mercury missions, launched atop Redstone rockets. The Soviets next kept a cosmonaut in space for a full day. On February 20, 1962, astronaut John H. Glenn became the first American to orbit the Earth during the three-orbit Mercury-Atlas 6 mission, aboard the spacecraft he named Friendship 7.Project Mercury was America’s first human space flight program. The Space Task Group at NASA’s Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, under the direction of , initiated the project in October 1958 with three goals: orbiting a manned spacecraft, investigating man’s ability to function in space, and safely recovering both spacecraft and crew member. In April 1959, NASA announced the who would undertake the Mercury missions. After some early launch failures, the first successful unpiloted test of the single-seat spacecraft took place in December 1960, launched into a suborbital flight atop a Redstone rocket. A similar flight a month later carried Ham, a chimpanzee. Astronaut completed the first American spaceflight on May 5, 1961, a 15-minute suborbital mission aboard his capsule. flew a similar mission on July 21 aboard Liberty Bell 7. The first successful unpiloted orbital Mercury flight using the more powerful Atlas rocket flew in September 1961, followed by the two-orbit flight of chimpanzee Enos on November 29. The next step was to fly an astronaut on an orbital mission.Friendship 7 astronaut John H. Glenn, left, leaving crew quarters with flight surgeon Dr. William K. Douglas and suit technician Joseph W. “Joe” Schmitt. Credit: NASAOn November 29, 1961, Gilruth, by then the of the (MSC), now NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston, announced the selection of astronaut to fly the first orbital mission, with as his backup. Following months of training and preparations of the spacecraft and its Atlas launch vehicle, Glenn donned his spacesuit and boarded Friendship 7 for a launch attempt on January 27, 1962. The launch director halted the countdown at T-minus 13 minutes due to thick clouds that would have prevented observation of the rocket’s ascent. Officials rescheduled the launch, and mechanical and weather delays added further postponements. On February 20, after a steak-and-eggs breakfast, Glenn suited up once again in Hangar S, a facility leased by MSC’s Cape Operations from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, today’s Cape Canaveral Space Force Station. He boarded a transfer van that took him on the four-mile, 11-minute trip to Launch Complex 14.At Launch Pad 14, astronaut John H. Glenn squeezes into the Friendship 7 capsule. Credit: NASAAssisted by the pad crew led by , Glenn squeezed into the cramped capsule. They strapped him in and bolted the hatch cover in place. After several delays, resulting in Glenn spending nearly four hours in the capsule, the countdown finally reached zero at 9:47 a.m. EST and the Atlas rocket’s three main engines ignited. Four seconds later, the rocket rose from the launch pad on a pillar of fire. Two minutes and nine seconds later, the rocket’s two booster engines cut off as planned and were jettisoned, the Atlas continuing on the power of the single, center-mounted sustainer engine. At five minutes, one second into the flight, the sustainer engine cut-off and Friendship 7 separated two seconds later. Glenn was in orbit!Liftoff of Friendship 7 with Glenn aboard atop an Atlas rocket from Launch Complex 14 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, now Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, in Florida. Credit: NASAA team of engineers monitored the countdown and the launch from the Mercury Control Center (MCC) located in Building 1385 at Cape Canaveral, led by Flight Director , who also served as chief of MSC’s Flight Operations. Carpenter served as capsule communicator, or capcom, the one person in MCC who communicated with the astronaut in orbit. A global network of tracking stations located along the spacecraft’s ground track supported the team in the MCC.An automatic camera inside Friendship 7 records astronaut John H. Glenn during his orbital flight. Credit: NASAShortly after separating from the booster, Friendship 7 turned around, flying with its heatshield in the direction of flight. Looking out his window, Glenn observed the state of Florida, and photographed it with his Ansco Autoset camera. He tracked the booster for eight minutes as it slowly tumbled out of sight. He reported feeling fine in weightlessness, and checking his spacecraft’s systems reported that all were working as expected. During his first orbit, as he flew over the succeeding ground sites, Glenn continued reporting on his and the spacecraft’s condition, successfully controlling the capsule’s attitude. He observed his first orbital sunset over the Indian Ocean and sunrise over the Pacific Ocean, including the phenomenon of the “fireflies,” ice particles traveling with his spaceship illuminated by the rising Sun. He ate his only food during the mission, a tube of apple sauce, and took a xylitol pill as part of an experiment investigating digestion during spaceflight. With all systems operating well, through the tracking station in Guaymas, Mexico, MCC gave Glenn a “go” for his second orbit. When his spacecraft began drifting out of its normal attitude, Glenn easily steered it back to its proper orientation.Glenn took this photograph of Florida shortly after launch. Credit: NASAAs he passed over Cape Canaveral at the start of his second orbit, controllers noticed a signal indicating that the spacecraft’s landing bag, used to cushion the impact at splashdown, had deployed, meaning that the heat shield required for reentry was no longer in place. Although engineers assumed the signal to be erroneous, they came up with the plan to keep the retrorocket pack on after retrofire, hoping the straps would be strong enough to keep the heatshield in place had the landing bag in fact been deployed. Although not told explicitly about the problem, Glenn was advised by all ground stations to make sure the landing-bag deploy switch was in the “off” position. Otherwise, Glenn’s second orbit around the Earth passed uneventfully, with the astronaut conducting experiments and photographing the planet as it sped by beneath him. As he passed over Hawaii, he received the “go” to proceed to his third and final orbit. Controllers instructed Glenn to place the landing-bag switch in the automatic position, and should a light come on, to keep the retropack in place after retrofire. Having now deduced what the issue was, Glenn reported he heard no bumping noises during attitude maneuvers that would indicate a deployed landing bag. Nearing the California coastline, the spacecraft fired its three retrorockets to slow its velocity, with Glenn reporting, “Boy, feels like I’m going halfway back to Hawaii!” Engineers closely monitored Friendship 7’s reentry into the Earth’s atmosphere. The temporary radio blackout caused by the buildup of ionized gases around the spacecraft as it sped through the upper layers of the atmosphere occurred as planned, lasting four minutes, 20 seconds. Glenn described the reentry as “a real fireball outside,” as pieces of the retropack burned off and passed by his window. He manually controlled the spacecraft’s attitude during the entry, eventually exhausting his fuel supply. The drogue parachute deployed early at 28,000 feet to slow and stabilize the spacecraft, followed by the main 63-foot red and white main parachute at 10,800 feet.Friendship 7, with astronaut John H. Glenn inside, a few minutes after splashdown. Credit: NASAFriendship 7 splashed down at 2:43 p.m. EST about 800 miles southeast of Cape Canaveral in the vicinity of Grand Turk Island in the Turks and Caicos Islands, after a flight lasting 4 hours, 55 minutes, and 23 seconds. The U.S. Navy designated the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Randolph (CVS-15) as the prime recovery ship, but because Friendship 7 landed 41 miles west and 19 miles north of the planned splashdown target, the closest vessel, the destroyer U.S.S. Noa (DD-841), completed the retrieval from the water. Sailors aboard Noa spotted Friendship 7 descending on its parachute from an altitude of 5,000 feet and at a distance of about six miles. The Noa pulled up alongside the capsule, maintaining radio contact with Glenn throughout the recovery operation that took 21 minutes from splashdown to placing the capsule on the ship’s side deck. Sitting in the hot capsule, Glenn blew the side hatch, preferring that route of egress over the more difficult overhead hatch. After his egress, a team of doctors escorted Glenn to the ship’s sick bay where he removed his spacesuit, took a much-needed shower, and underwent a brief medical exam that showed him to be slightly dehydrated but otherwise in excellent physical condition. He ate his first food, other than the infight tube of applesauce, since breakfast early that morning. Wearing flight overalls, Glenn returned to inspect his spacecraft and awaited a helicopter to fly him to the Randolph.Astronaut John H. Glenn relaxes aboard the U.S.S. Noa awaiting his helicopter ride to the U.S.S. Randolph. Credit: NASAThe helicopter from the Randolph hovered over the Noa’s deck and hoisted Glenn aboard. The helicopter delivered Glenn to the carrier where he received a more thorough physical examination by a team of Navy doctors, who also declared him fit and healthy. Glenn was then flown to Grand Turk Island, arriving there about five hours after splashdown. After another medical exam, Glenn finally went to sleep, more than 23 hours after awakening that morning for his historic day.Astronaut John H. Glenn being hoisted onto a helicopter for the short flight from the U.S.S. Noa to the prime recovery ship, the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Randolph. Credit: NASAGlenn spent the next two days on Grand Turk Island, undergoing more thorough medical examinations by the same team of physicians who examined him before flight. He also began his postflight engineering debriefings. Five of his fellow Mercury astronauts joined him on Grand Turk Island. In the predawn hours of February 23, Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson arrived to pick up Glenn for the flight back to the United States. Despite the early hour, a large part of the local population turned out to see Johnson and Glenn. They arrived at Patrick Air Force Base (AFB), near Cape Canaveral, later in the morning. Glenn’s wife Annie and their two children, David and Lynn, met him at Patrick.Astronaut John H. Glenn, center, being welcomed aboard the U.S.S. Randolph. Credit: NASAFrom Patrick AFB, the Glenns and Vice President Johnson motorcaded up the coast to Cape Canaveral, participating in a parade through Cocoa Beach. At Cape Canaveral’s Skid Strip, they met President John F. Kennedy who had just arrived. Glenn now rode in the Presidential limousine to Hangar S, where President Kennedy presented him with the NASA Distinguished Service Medal. Glenn responded with his usual humility, “I would like to consider I was a figurehead for this whole big, tremendous effort, and I am very proud of the medal I have on my lapel.” They then visited the MCC, where Flight Director Kraft and astronaut Shepard provided a tour, and LC-14, where Glenn presented the President with a hard hat worn by the launch pad workers.Friendship 7 astronaut John H. Glenn, right, rides in a motorcade through Cocoa Beach, Florida, with his wife Annie and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson. Credit: NASAThe Friendship 7 capsule also returned to Cape Canaveral. The U.S.S. Noa brought it to the shores of Grand Turk Island, placing it on a small boat that delivered it to a dock at the port. From there, workers trucked it to the airport and placed it on a U.S. Air Force cargo plane that flew it to the Skid Strip. Glenn and Friendship 7 were reunited at the event at Hangar S, where President Kennedy had a chance to peer into the recently-returned spacecraft.President John F. Kennedy peers inside Friendship 7 as astronaut John H. Glenn looks on. Credit: NASAOn February 26, Glenn and his family traveled to Washington, D.C., where they attended a reception at the White House hosted by President Kennedy. Despite the rain, thousands turned out to see them as they rode in a motorcade with Vice President Johnson to the U.S. Capitol, where Glenn addressed a Joint Session of Congress. Later in the day, they attended a dinner in their honor at the State Department, where dessert featured Mercury ice cream.Friendship 7 astronaut John H. Glenn, accompanied by his wife Annie and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson, during the ticker tape parade in New York City. Credit: NASAOn March 1, accompanied by Vice President Johnson, the Glenns took part in a parade in New York City, where police estimated four million people turned out to see them, throwing a record amount of ticker tape. Glenn gave a speech at City Hall, attended several receptions, and received several awards including the City of New York Medal of Honor. He addressed an informal session of the United Nations. Two days later, the Glenns’ hometown of Concord City, Ohio, welcomed them with a parade and several special events.Three months after its Earth orbital flight, the Friendship 7 capsule began its next mission, popularly known as its “fourth-orbit tour.” The U.S. Information Agency and NASA organized a three-month round-the-world tour that took it to more than 20 countries, including all that hosted a NASA tracking station. An estimated four million people saw it in person and 20 million more on local television programs. A U.S. Air Force C-130 cargo plane emblazoned with the words “Around the world with Friendship 7” transported the spacecraft to the various locations, beginning in Hamilton, Bermuda, on April 20, 1962, through Latin America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia. Following its fourth-orbit tour, on August 6, 1962, the famous spacecraft went on temporary display in the NASA exhibit hall at the Century 21 Exposition, also known as the World’s Fair, in Seattle.The Friendship 7 spacecraft is currently on display at the Stephen F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the Smithsonian Institution’s National Air and Space Museum (NASM) in Chantilly, Virginia. Credit: Courtesy of NASMOn February 23, 1963, NASA formally turned the spacecraft, along with Glenn’s spacesuit and other artifacts, over to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C., where it has resided ever since. It is currently on display at the Stephen F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum in Chantilly, Virginia. As far as Cape Canaveral’s MCC, although the building housing it was demolished in 2010, the control room was removed, relocated, and painstakingly restored, and is on display in the Kurt Debus Conference Center at the at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. A full-size replica of Friendship 7 is on display at the entrance to Jags McCartney International Airport on Grand Turk Island, where officials renamed the main entrance road John Glenn Drive.Enjoy a . (Produced 10 years ago for the 50th anniversary. 
20220219_163941_pak_C000720_A000010	www.bolnews.com	https://www.bolnews.com/pakistan/2022/02/indias-disinformation-campaign-again-active-against-pakistan-ahead-of-fatf-plenary-meeting/	PAK	FATF plenary meeting scheduled in Paris from 21 Feb-4 March—Image: File ISLAMABAD: The Indian disinformation campaign is back in the lineup against Pakistan ahead of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) plenary meeting in Paris from February 21 to March 4. According to a report released by Kashmir Media Service (KMS), an Indian campaign against Pakistan is underway, with its media spreading propaganda that Pakistan will soon be added to the FATF’s blacklist. It is regrettable that India is attempting to influence FATF in order to achieve its narrow political goals against Pakistan, the report deplored. Read more: According to the report, international experts have dismissed Indian claims that the FATF may blacklist Pakistan. Michael Kugelman, a South Asian policy expert, recently stated that don’t believe Indian press reports claiming FATF will soon blacklist Pakistan. Similarly, Dr Claude Rakisits, a South Asian and the Middle East strategic analyst, believes Pakistan is more likely to be removed from FATF’s grey list. It bemoaned the fact that India had long used global forums to further its narrow political goals against Pakistan, and that it was attempting to undermine the credibility of global institutions such as the FATF in order to further its evil political goals. The report suggested that the FATF should remove Pakistan from its grey list because it had met all of the international watchdog’s technical requirements, and there was no reason to keep Pakistan on the FATF grey list because it had met the majority of its demands. Read more: According to the report, Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi also stated that Pakistan had met FATF’s technical requirements and that there was no reason to keep Pakistan on the grey list. The report maintained that India should not be allowed to use global forums for political purposes, and the FAFT will lose credibility if it continues to toe the line of major powers and their preferred states. Modi’s India will fail in its nefarious plans to push Pakistan onto the FATF blacklist, said the report. 
20220219_163941_pak_C000720_A000020	www.sammobile.com	https://www.sammobile.com/news/your-galaxy-s22-smartphone-may-not-reach-you-as-quickly-as-you-had-hoped/	PAK	Last updated: February 21st, 2022 at 08:42 UTC+02:00 It seems that the overall public reception of the series is quite warm. People are lining up to buy the smartphones in droves, which, in turn, is driving up wait times. A cursory glance at shows that one may have to wait until March to get their hands on one. Some of the higher-specced Galaxy S22 Ultra variants will not ship until April. Incidentally, Samsung predicted that one may have to to get their hands on a and it doesn’t look like they were kidding. Carrier-locked variants appear to have been hit worse. notes that T-Mobile and Verizon customers could have to wait until May to get their fix of Samsung’s flagship smartphone. Given the significant spec boost, Samsung gave the Galaxy S22 series, its high demand is understandable. Samsung, for its part, even ramped up parts anticipating this scenario. Samsung Electronics’ manufacturing facilities in Vietnam to ensure a steady supply of smartphones. Then again, it isn’t just the Galaxy S22 phones that are supposedly short in supply. had to suspend pre-orders in the face of rising demand. What’s the Galaxy S22 availability like in your region? Do let us know in the comments. and subscribe to our to get instant news updates and in-depth reviews of Samsung devices. You can also subscribe to get updates from us on and follow us on . 
20220219_163941_nga_C000730_A000010	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/strike-asuu-nec-converges-on-abuja-today-to-meet-fg/	NGA	Grace Edema, Olufemi Olaniyi, Olaide Oyelude and Daud Olatunji Published 21 February 2022 The National Executive Council of the striking Academic Staff of Universities will meet on Monday night. Sources in the union revealed that after the meeting, NEC members will meet Federal Government officials later in the week. ASUU had last week Monday declared a nationwide four-week roll-over strike after a two-day meeting at the University of Lagos, Akoka. The union said it had no option but to embark on the strike, saying despite meeting with the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, on October 14, 2021, on issues, including funding for revitalisation of public universities, earned academic allowances, University Transparency Accountability Solution; promotion arrears, renegotiation of 2009 ASUU-FGN Agreement, and the inconsistencies in Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System Payment, none of its demands had been met. Investigations revealed that as of Sunday afternoon, some members of ASUU NEC had arrived Abuja in readiness for the meeting. While confirming the meeting to our correspondent, the national chairman, ASUU, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke, said if the government was responsive, there would be no need for the strike to last for weeks. “It is just a meeting; they are inviting us for a meeting within the week. They will tell us why they called. I don’t know what they plan to tell us, we will meet them within the week,” he said. He told Nigerians to “Appeal to the government to implement the agreement we signed with them. The strike can be called off any day, it is in the government’s hand if they want it to last for a week, two weeks, one month, a year, or more. It is the government that will decide when they want the strike to end. Our position is that they should agree and implement what they signed with us. If they are responsive, it doesn’t need to last for weeks. We have given them one month to react.” Also, the ASUU Chairman, Federal University, Dutsin-ma, Dr Jibrin Shagari, in an interview with The PUNCH, confirmed that the union’s NEC members will converge on Abuja on Monday night. Shagari said, “Yes, I can confirm that our national officers will be in Abuja on Monday night where they will meet and later meet the Federal Government.” ASUU rules out confidence in FG as meeting holds Meanwhile, union members still do not believe that the government is ready to meet their demands. The Chairman, ASUU, Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Dr Gbenga Adeleye, insisted that the union would not call off the strike if their demands were not met. He said, “We are on strike. If they don’t do what they are supposed to do, we are not going to call off the strike. “There is nothing about whether we are confident or not confident. “It is for them to meet our demands, if they are not meeting our demands, we are not calling off the strike.” Similarly, the Chairman of ASUU at the University of Ibadan, Prof. Ayo Akinwole, in a statement on Sunday, said, so far, those in charge of the Ministry of Education had displayed gross incompetence and lack the interests of the masses. Akinwole described the FG as a slave merchant, who only listened and implemented he destructive policy recommendations of the International Monetary fund and World Bank against the larger interest of Nigerians. He said, “The Federal Government lacks integrity. It is sad. The government cannot be trusted any longer. We have been on the same salary for 13 years and it is even shameful to show anyone your payslip. “When compared to the work we do, we have sacrificed for Nigeria to the detriment of our wellbeing and this is already dampening the morale of our people. “Federal Government should sign the renegotiated agreement, implement it, roll out UTAS, pay unpaid earned academic allowances, commit more funds into the revitalisation of universities. “Parents should impress it on the government to sign the new welfare package for our members. If we fail to fight for our rights, the slave merchants in government will continue to trade with our future and future of the children of the masses.” Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: 
20220219_163941_irl_C000737_A000022	www.dublinlive.ie	https://www.dublinlive.ie/news/dublin-news/rte-room-improve-viewers-unimpressed-23163378	IRL	RTEs hit show Room to Improve returned to viewers screens on Sunday night, with audiences delighted to see the home renovation show back on their screens. On last nights episode, Lisa and Marc to create a family home for their two children, with a special focus on creating a calm environment for their child Liam who has autism. But the couple faced chaos when trying decide on a kitchen to fit into their homes aesthetic. Dermot brought the couple to see a unique and quirky kitchen in a home in , but viewers were left less than impressed with the cabinets colour and style. DUBLIN, IRELAND - JANUARY 27: Dermot Bannon appears on the Late Late Show on January 27, 2017 in Dublin, Ireland (Image: Photo by Phillip Massey/contributor) Taking to Twitter, people made their opinions clear. One person said: Sorry now - the house was gorgeous but the kitchen was absolutely red rotten. That lovely lady was trying to be diplomatic by saying its lovely but not for her. Another wrote: sorry who owns the kitchen in rathmines, Dermot it not a nice kitchen at all!! A third wrote: That kitchen looks like a lockdown DIY job gone wrong. Others suggested that Dermot secretly brings couples to see strange kitchens just to provoke a reaction. Read More Related Articles They said: I think Dermo just brings us to those kitchens to get us to react. I dont think he even likes them himself. While others joked about the architects passion for presses. Dermot is one of the only people who gets got under collar about grain on a press…..and personally Im all for it, one commented. A second said: Someone someday will agree with Dermots fetish with s*** Plywood kitchens. Not everyone hated the kitchen however - with one person loving the colours. Another person praised the family for their positive attitude, saying: I kind of love this family. Theyre staying so positive and still having a laugh through everything. And I agree about that plywood orange and blue kitchen… To get the latest breaking news straight to your inbox, Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220219_163941_irl_C000737_A000037	flipboard.com	https://flipboard.com/@victoriavito/how-to-get-all-the-essential-vitamins-and-minerals-you-need-from-your-diet-qehdi7sipaj1qnlp	IRL	Cherries health benefits are really impressive. Cherries are considered as a super fruit in America, where up to 370 million pounds are grown every … 
20220219_163941_mys_C000739_A000004	www.thesundaily.my	https://www.thesundaily.my/local/zahid-ready-for-sumpah-laknat-to-refute-muhyiddin-s-court-settlement-claim-GF8878239	MYS	PETALING JAYA: Former deputy prime minister Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid Hamidi (pix) said he was prepared to take a “sumpah laknat” to refute Bersatu president Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin’s claim that the Umno president had visited him with piles of court files to get him cleared of ongoing criminal court cases. “I had never visited Muhyiddin when he was the prime minister to ask his help to have my court cases dropped. “What more bringing files and asking his (Muhyiddin) help to interfere in the judiciary system. “I am prepared to take a sumpah laknat to deny Muhyiddin’s ill allegations against me. “I want to ask if he is prepared to do the same. Take the sumpah laknat to back up his allegation against me,“ he said on Facebook. Sumpah laknat literally means “curse swear”, and is an oath a Muslim makes to God, asking for divine retribution in the form of a curse against the other party if the latter is lying. It is also not officially recognised in Malaysia’s Shariah laws, which are administered separately by each state. Last week, during a ceramah in Tangkak, Muhyiddin claimed that Zahid had visited his home with piles of files. He said Zahid had allegedly pleaded with him to help in his corruption cases. Muhyiddin, who was the prime minister from March 2020 to August last year, said he declined to heed Zahid’s requests as he did not want to interfere in the judiciary as a matter of principle. In a televised speech just days before he resigned as the prime minister, Muhyiddin claimed he was under pressure from “certain parties” to intervene in matters of the court in order to set several individuals free of criminal charges. 
20220219_163941_nam_C000744_A000005	www.namibian.com.na	https://www.namibian.com.na/110161/read/Voice-Perfect-Namibia-back-at-last	NAM	2022-06-03FORMER Black Africa and national team netball star Yvonne Kotjipati, who was born and bred at Okahandja, started her netball journey at Nau-Aib Primary School before she further honed her skills at Jan Mohr Secondary School in Windhoek. 
20220219_163941_eth_C000745_A000016	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/business/world-market/saudi-aramco-sees-good-signs-oil-demands-rising-as-shares-hit-record-7783640/	ETH	Saudi Aramco’s shares rose to a record as its chief executive officer said oil demand continues to rebound from the pandemic, including in the company’s main market of Asia. “With the global recovery we’re seeing today, there is more demand for products and we see that from different enclaves, especially in Asia,” Amin Nasser said during a speech in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia’s capital. “There’s some pick up in the rest of the world.” Crude prices have surged around 20% this year to more than $90 a barrel with consumption increasing and many major producers struggling to boost supply. Several traders believe prices will soon hit $100. Source: Bloomberg Aramco’s shares rose as much as 6% on Monday, before paring gains to 39.75 rials as of 11:00 a.m. in Riyadh. The world’s biggest energy company is up 11% this year.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium Crude’s surge is contributing to an acceleration in globally and putting pressure on central banks to increase interest rates. U.S. President Joe Biden, keen to ease cost-of-living pressures for Americans before mid-term elections in November, has in recent months called on producers to raise output faster. Nasser said part of the problem is a lack of investment in the oil sector. Many energy companies are cutting back on new developments as governments and investors push them to lower their carbon emissions. Saudi Arabia and others in the Persian Gulf such as the United Arab Emirates are among the few producers still spending billions of dollars to increase their capacity. “There’s not adequate investment” to “sustain growth in demand in the mid to short term,” Nasser said. 
20220219_163941_eth_C000745_A000024	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2022/feb/21/were-all-hip-hop-family-the-artists-fighting-to-get-afghan-breakdancers-to-safety	ETH	A veteran of the hip-hop scene and internationally celebrated breakdancer, Nancy Yu – AKA – has her fair share of people contacting her looking for advice. But the message she received in 2019 from a young Afghan was a little different.Nancy Yu, AKA Asia One. Photograph: Kristoffer Pence Photography/Asia OneFrustrated by his breakdancing crew’s inability to get visas to perform internationally, Moshtagh* was wondering if Asia could help. “He felt they were really good, but they felt, like, invisible to the world,” she says. “I liked him. He wasn’t trying to bug me or say ‘we need this right now’ … He seemed rather humble and honest.”Over the months, a friendship grew between Kabul and California, based on mutual respect and an appreciation of hip-hop culture. Moshtagh, who is in his 20s, felt he had a lot to learn from Asia, a one-time member of the Rock Steady Crew who set up the , a global gathering celebrating all the elements of hip-hop: breakdancing, DJ-ing, rapping and graffiti.Only once has her belief in Moshtagh’s humility been severely challenged: when he declared, with youthful bravado, that he could be better than . “I was, like, ‘you’re out of your mind’,” Asia laughs.Last year, as the Taliban across Afghanistan and even the modest freedoms enjoyed by many young people in Kabul started to feel in doubt, Moshtagh’s messages became more serious and urgent. And in the summer, as the Taliban took the capital, came the decision: the hip-hoppers, he told Asia, were leaving.It was a decision “based on complete fear”, says Asia. “You know, just that overwhelming sense of survival, that ‘if we don’t leave now, we don’t know what’s going to happen to us. And so we’re gonna risk our chance’. Because … they felt so threatened by the based on their western practices.”Here are some people that feel invisible. And hip-hop was started by a group of people that felt invisibleNow Moshtagh was asking his American mentor for different help: “He said, I feel like you guys have an obligation to help us and I was like, what do you mean?” she recalls. “And he said, well, you know, we’re all just hip-hop family. And … the more and more we spoke, the more and more I realised that much of what he was saying was true.”Ever since in the Bronx apartment blocks of 1970s New York, its social conscience has never been far away. From the daily struggles of black America to the war on drugs to police brutality, there is little about life on the margins that hasn’t been rapped, sprayed on walls, chanted at rallies. (During the , it was a 1989 Public Enemy anthem that echoed at many of the over George Floyd’s murder. “Gotta give us what we want./ Gotta give us what we need./… We’ve gotta fight the powers that be.”)In the era of and ostentatious bling, it can be easy for that activist spirit to get lost. But for Asia, who heads , a nonprofit running hip-hop events and classes for marginalised communities in Los Angeles, it is intrinsic to the scene and partly why she felt touched by Moshtagh. “It awoke my thought process. Here are some people that feel invisible. And hip-hop was started by a group of people that felt invisible,” she says. “To me, not being able to practise hip-hop is one thing, and not being able to live is another thing,” she says. Within days of his request for help, she started to mobilise.Moshtagh is a mild-mannered man in his 20s whose spoken English is heavily flavoured by hip-hop. He speaks of “homies,” of “breakers”, of “B-girls” and “B-boys”. As a teenager in Hamid Karzai’s , he fell for the moves he saw in videos of breakdancers from far away, and set about trying to become just like them – perhaps even better.In a country that retained a deep social conservatism long after the Taliban were toppled in 2001, it was not an easy path.“People didn’t accept hip-hop,” says Moshtagh. “They were just thinking that this has music: ‘it’s haram, you can’t do it, it’s illegal. What is this western culture that you guys are promoting?’ But we were just thinking we are modern people; young people need to look for modern things, and we love to do this.”Run-DMC’s Jam Master Jay, DMC and Run in Central Park, New York, circa 1984. The group is one of the most influential acts in the history of hip-hop. Photograph: Oliver Morris/GettyDespite disapproval and threats, he and his friends made progress. “We changed people in 10 years but everything fell apart,” he says. “That building that we built, actually, it’s destroyed. There’s nothing for us to do in Afghanistan any more.”On 18 August, three days after the Taliban , Moshtagh left Afghanistan, along with some of his “homies”. They have been in a neighbouring country ever since, trying to remain hopeful butconstantly worrying about the future.The ideals they stand for – freedom of speech, women’s rights – make them a target for the Taliban but an asset to any other country willing to take them inJaclyn Fortini Laing, lawyer“Actually, we don’t care about ourselves that much,” says Moshtagh, via Zoom, his five-year-old sister bobbing up and down in the background. “We’re just thinking about our family members. We don’t want them to be in a hard situation because of us, because of what we were doing. It’s all on our shoulders.”According to , a Dutch breakdancer with more than 100,000 Instagram followers who has been in touch with him for years, Moshtagh “is a guy that carries a lot of responsibility for the people around him … He’s the one that keeps the wheel spinning.”Alongside Moshtagh, there are 19 in the group, including two children and six women. A mixture of breakdancers, rap artists, parkourists and family members, they feel there is no place for them in Afghanistan today. “I’m sure they [the Taliban] would not accept it. There’s no space [for it],” he says. Some of the group have openly criticised the Taliban. Adding to the group’s fear is their ethnic background: all but three are Hazara, the most discriminated against minority group in the country.Fighters from the hardline Islamic Haqqani network at the National Institute of Music, Kabul. Moshtagh feels there is no place for hip-hop under Taliban rule. Photograph: Bernat Armangué/APFor one of the dancers there is the additional complication of being a woman. Before leaving Kabul, Haleema* had been hoping to compete in the 2024 Olympics – the first to have . When she first saw videos of people doing it she thought it must be “a kind of Photoshop” but she trained hard, and received threats to her life for doing so.But she knew she could not continue under the Taliban: the group have made their clear, and breaking has the additional stigma of also being a form of dance. So inextricably connected is Haleema’s life to hip-hop, she, too, decided to leave. She insists it was not a difficult decision. “I am very young,” she says. “At my age, there is no impossible.”Van Gorp says that for years, amid chronic national instability, hip-hop gave Moshtagh and the others sanctuary. “Breaking was the thing that kept them sane,” he says. “Like, they call it ‘hip-hope’ instead of hip-hop.”Even now, in limbo, unable to go out, Haleema still dreams of competing in the Olympics. “I am just trying to find a way to get out, and to train,” she says. “I’ve got hope for the future because of the people that are helping us.”By last autumn, Asia One had built up a small but dedicated team for the #SaveAfghanHiphoppers mission. “Hip-hop culture is about giving back, so let’s help our community members in need,” reads the campaign website.They raised nearly $14,000 (Ł10,000) to cover the group’s basic needs such as food, clothing and shelter, as well as initial legal costs. But time is ticking on, and the costs are likely to mount, so the campaign is .Nearly six months after they fled, the group is still hoping to be granted passage to a country that will give them asylum. For now, the hip-hoppers, many without passports, remain in hiding lest they are arrested and deported back to Afghanistan. Michael Holman, a pioneer of the hip-hop’s first wave, said he felt duty-bound to help the group. Photograph: Rob Northway“If we raise $50,000, we can get them out of there,” says Asia. “We think it’s actually very possible.”The mission’s lawyer, Jaclyn Fortini Laing, is working to find a country willing to take the hip-hoppers. The US and the UK, both key to Afghanistan’s recent history and global hip-hop culture, have proved dead ends.That’s a shame for the group and the countries in question, says Fortini Laing. “The ideals that [the hip-hoppers] stand for – freedom of speech, women’s rights – are the ideals that make them a target for the Taliban but would make them an asset to any other country that was willing to take them in,” she says.“Failure,” she says, “is not an option.”Equally determined for the mission to succeed is Michael Holman, a who has gone on to have an eclectic career as a Broadway producer, film-maker and musician. When Asia rang around to see who might be willing to help the Afghans, he was one of the few who said yes.“I was like, I can’t say no,” he says.Holman, 66, is believed to be the first writer to have used the phrase “hip-hop” in print: in a 1982 interview with ’s DJ Afrika Bambaataa for the , he defines “the all-inclusive tag for the rapping, breaking, graffiti, crew fashion wearing street sub-culture”. (Elsewhere in the article he rhapsodises about an evening at where Zulu Nation “threw down” a Rolling Stones track: “Honky Tonk Woman never rocked so hard!”)Taliban fighters on the streets of Kabul. Photograph: ReutersHeavily involved in the early days of hip-hop when the likes of Grandmaster Flash and the were emerging, Holman helped introduce the “park-jam culture” that had emerged uptown to downtown Manhattan, and then to the world. In 1981, he took Malcolm McLaren to the Bronx to see what all the fuss was about and, “blown away”, the former Sex Pistols’ manager asked him to put together a show featuring Jazzy Jay and Rock Steady Crew.Your countries came to Afghanistan to bring peace … And now you left these people alone. Why don’t you care about them?Holman built , partly from his short-lived TV show, ; films from the dawn of hip-hop that went all over the world. “[They] were horrible copies,” he says. “But those tapes were how these dancers learn how to dance around the world.”So he felt duty-bound to help. “I felt I owed them something,” he says. “I was a mentor, in a way, by spreading this culture, and they embraced it because I and other people like me made it a compelling, exciting and undeniable cultural thing. I now owed them something. I had a responsibility not only as a hip-hop pioneer and impresario but I now owed them something as an American.”Moshtagh has many questions for the US, widely criticised for its from Afghanistan. Questions, too, for the UK, which supported its 20-year mission. “Your countries came to Afghanistan to bring peace; you spent a lot of money … And now you left these people alone. Why don’t you care about them?” he asks.He doesn’t know where he will end up. Spain or Belgium appear the most likely candidates, but the process is bogged down in diplomatic negotiations. Van Gorp, in Rotterdam, is optimistic that, wherever they go, there will be a community ready-made for them.“Breaking is such a good bridge to connect with local people because it’s so open and welcoming,” he says. “It will really help them settle. So, like, wherever they will go there will be B-boys they can connect with and they will already have a small network.”Moshtagh doesn’t know if he will see Afghanistan again. He wants to be in a safe place. “It doesn’t matter [where]. This Earth is my home. Earth is for human beings,” he says. Haleema just wants the agonising uncertainty to end. “[In] real life, you’re free to do all the things that you want,” she says, simply. “I want to live free.”* Names have been changed – a roundup of our top stories from around the world, recommended reads, and thoughts from our team on key development and human rights issues, delivered to your inbox every two weeks:Sign up for Global Dispatch – please check your spam folder for the confirmation email 
20220219_163941_aus_C000753_A000035	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/society/2022/feb/21/gp-teenagers-at-risk-lack-tailored-mental-health-services	AUS	Dr David Turner is a GP in Hertfordshire“A particularly serious problem has arisen with the provision of mental healthcare for children and adolescents over the last 18 months. This is the first time in my 25-year career as a doctor I have felt the need to speak out publicly. I and many other GPs feel the issue has become critical and it is only a matter of time before a child dies.“Provision of mental healthcare by child and adolescent mental health service (CAMHS) was never great pre-Covid. Since the pandemic it has become appalling. There are two main reasons for this: underinvestment in mental health services for decades and a spike in demand.“There was always a long wait for CAMHS services, but over the last year or so a more worrying trend has occurred: the specific problem is CAMHS ‘bouncing back’ patients referred to them for primary care to manage. Patients with serious mental health disorders such as anorexia nervosa are being referred to CAMHS, but they say because they are too busy they would like the GP to continue to monitor the patient. This is both unacceptable and dangerous.“In my practice we are now monitoring several seriously mentally ill teenagers, including some with anorexia nervosa, who CAMHS say they are simply unable to see due to workload pressures. They are at increased risk of self-harm and suicide, and the very nature of self-starvation leads to a multitude of physical health problems, the most serious of which can lead to death.“This condition needs careful monitoring with weekly blood-pressure and weight checks and blood tests to monitor the function of vital organs, such as the liver and kidneys. In addition, patients will need regular heart recordings (ECG) to monitor for signs of heart failure or abnormal heart rhythms. is not a trivial illness.“CAMHS are now routinely expecting GPs to monitor teenagers with anorexia nervosa weekly and undertake all these checks. We have no specific training in this specialised area of child psychiatry. We are also suffering from an enormous increase in our workload since the easing of Covid restrictions and are struggling to do this complex work in addition to our usual duties.“However, most GPs feel that if we do not do our best to help these children, they will get no treatment at all for many months while they wait to see a practitioner in CAMHS. We also have adolescent patients who have not attended school for many months while awaiting treatment for severe anxiety and depression. This has knock-on effects on their families. In some cases, it has meant a parent giving up work to stay at home to look after them.“There is no doubt many hundreds of teenagers around the country are suffering due to a deficiency in mental health services tailored to their needs and, sadly, some will die. This situation could be turned around quickly with a rapid investment of cash and resources. As we have seen during the Covid pandemic, when there is a political will and money we are capable of providing top-class healthcare in this country. We now need to do this for our young people.”As told to Andrew Gregory 
20220219_163941_ind_C000754_A000004	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/bengaluru-news/tensions-in-karnataka-s-shivamogga-after-bajrang-dal-worker-s-murder-101645426470748.html	IND	BENGALURU: Authorities in Karnataka’s Shivamogga have deployed additional police forces, prohibited gatherings of over four people, and shut educational institutions amid tensions after the murder late on Sunday of a 23-year-old worker of the Bajrang Dal, the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP)’s youth wing. Police said Harsha’s assailants chased him in a car before attacking him. He was rushed to a hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries. Some vehicles were set on fire following the murder.Shivamogga Police Superintendent BM Lakshmi Prasad said Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure has been imposed in the district as a precautionary measure to prevent gatherings. “We will take a call on tomorrow [Tuesday] after a review of the situation in the [Monday] evening. There were minor incidents last [Sunday] night. We have increased the police deployment across the district...”Police said extra precautions were being taken amid the ongoing tensions in the state over the hijab ban. Karnataka home minister Araga Jnanendra said the murder is unrelated to the hijab controversy. “It has happened for different reasons. Shivamogga is a sensitive city. The incident took place on the main road and the police are on high alert.”Jnanendra, who spoke to Harsha’s family, said police have clues about the attackers and arrests will be made soon. “I appeal to the people to maintain calm. All measures have been taken. People should not get provoked. The government will give justice,” he said. He added special teams have been formed to investigate the case.Jnanendra said a group of four to five people murdered Harsha. “The law-and-order situation is under control in Shivamogga. As a precautionary measure, schools and colleges in the city have been closed for two days.” He added Harsha was actively involved in Bajrang Dal and VHP’s activities.Karnataka minister Raj Eshwarappa blamed “Muslim goons” for the murder even though police were yet to identify the assailants. “I am going to Shivamogga now to analyse the situation.”State Congress chief DK Shivakumar hit out at Eshwarappa, saying he does not have common sense. “He has already violated the Indian Flag Code. A case must be registered against him and he must be sacked. He has brought shame to the country and the national flag… It [murder] has nothing to do with the hijab issue. It was the result of personal enmity between two groups. The home minister has issued a statement on this.”Eshwarappa earlier drew flak for saying the saffron flag will replace the tricolour.Former Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah demanded Jnanendra’s resignation: “The murder was committed in Shivamogga from where the home minister, Eshwarappa and [former chief minister BS] Yediyurappa come from. Hence, I demand the resignation of the home minister. I condemn this murder. Congress believes in non-violence. The culprits must be punished immediately.” 
20220219_163941_ind_C000754_A000013	weather.com	https://weather.com/en-IN/india/news/news/2022-02-21-uk-zoos-first-baby-aardvark-in-its-history-of-90-years	IND	Chester Zoos First Baby Aardvark (Chester Zoo)The United Kingdoms Chester zoo recently witnessed the birth of an aardvark calf for the first time in 90 years. The staff has named it Dobby after a Harry Potters fictional elf that resembles the newborns hairless, wrinkled skin and dangling ears.Dobby was born to parents, mommy Oni and daddy Koos, on January 4 2022, but the zoo authorities could determine its sex only last week. The Chester zoo tweeted that Dobby is a girl, much to the enthusiasm of animal lovers.Dobby is one of only 66 aardvarks found in zoos across Europe (including the UK), while there are 109 aardvarks living in accredited zoos globally. The animals are native in sub-Saharan Africa, and the name means earth pig in the language of Afrikaans.The calf, Dobby, is currently being hand-reared every evening by zookeepers who provide dedicated care and attention and feed the baby every few hours through the night till it turns five weeks to help it gain strength.The aardvark parents are notorious for being a little clumsy around their newborns, so conservationists were looking after the calf in a special incubator and feeding it with warm milk every few hours, while the parents were out feeding in the evening, said the zoo manager David White.Aardvark’s populations were thought to be severely threatened as they were subjected to rampant hunting in the African continent for their meat. However, recent research suggests that they have maintained sufficient numbers due to their large range across the continent. And hence, are classified as ‘least concern’ from the IUCN.**For weather, science, and COVID-19 updates on the go, download (on Android and iOS store). Its free! 
20220219_163941_isr_C000762_A000037	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220220/Researchers-develop-novel-anti-SARS-CoV-2-Omicron-vaccine-candidate.aspx	ISR	When the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), which is the virus responsible for the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), first emerged, many governments around the world were forced to enact costly and restrictive measures to reduce its transmission. As several different vaccines were developed and mass vaccination campaigns were initiated, many developed nations began to reduce the severity of their COVID-19 restrictions. However, new SARS-CoV-2 variants continue to emerge, several of which are capable of evading both vaccine-induced and natural immunity. In a recent study posted to the preprint server , researchers from the Yale University School of Medicine have developed a new vaccine candidate that is specifically targeted against the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant. Study: Image Credit: angellodeco / Shutterstock.com About the study In the current study, researchers developed their vaccine candidate to be Omicron-specific by basing it on the spike sequence of the Omicron variant, with the spike coding sequence flanked by 5’ and 3’ untranslated regions (UTRs) and a 3’PolyA tail. Six mutations known to improve the stability and prefusion state were introduced to the sequence, whereas the furin cleavage site was replaced with GSAS stretch to maintain the integrity of the two subunits. The transcribed spike messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) material was then encapsulated into lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) to produce both WA-1 and Omicron LNP-mRNAs. Several downstream assays including dynamic light scattering, transmission electron microscope, and receptor binding assays were subsequently used to confirm that the product was of sufficient quality and showed the right biophysical properties. To this end, the researchers successfully demonstrated that in HEK293T cells, the Omicron LNP-mRNA could produce Omicron HexaPro capable of binding to the human angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (hACE2) receptor. Following this, the researchers moved to characterize the immunogenicity of the Omicron LNP-mRNA in vivo by vaccinating and testing mice. Blood was collected prior to immunization on days 0, 13, and 21, and then one week after the second booster dose. Plasma was isolated in the blood and used an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and neutralizing assays. The results showed significant increases in antibody titers against the Omicron spike receptor-binding domain (RBD) in the ELISA assays after both the initial and booster vaccination shots. The scientists then evaluated the effect of the WA-1 LNP-mRNA vaccination against the Omicron vaccination, the effect of this vaccination over time, and whether the Omicron LNP-mRNA vaccine could boost the immunity against the Omicron variant, as well as the WA-1 and Delta strains. Omicron-specific LNP-mRNA vaccine-elicited binding antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant. A, Illustration of mRNA vaccine construct expressing SARS-CoV-2 WA-1 and Omicron spikes. The spike open reading frame was flanked by 5’ untranslated region (UTR), 3’ UTR and polyA tail. The Omicron mutations (red) and HexaPro mutations (black) were numbered based on WA-1 spike residue number. B, Distribution of Omicron spike mutations (magenta) were displayed in one protomer of spike trimer of which NTD, RBD, hinge region and S2 were colored in purple, blue, green and orange respectively (PDB: 7SBL). The HexaPro mutations in S2 were colored in cyan. C, Schematics illustrating the formulation and biophysical characterization of LNP-mRNA. D, Dynamic light scattering derived histogram depicting the particle radius distribution of Omicron spike LNP-mRNA. E, Omicron LNP-mRNA image collected on transmission electron microscope. F, human ACE2 receptor binding of LNP-mRNA encoding Omicron spike expressed in 293T cells as detected by human ACE2-Fc fusion protein and PE-anti-human Fc antibody on Flow cytometry. G, Immunization and sample collection schedule. Retro-orbital blood was collected prior Omicron LNP-mRNA vaccination on day 0, day 13 and day 21. Five mice (n=5) were intramuscularly injected with 10 µg Omicron LNP-mRNA on day 0 (prime, Omicron x 1) and day 14 (boost, Omicron x 2). The plasma and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were separated from blood for downstream assays. The slight offset of the labels reflects the fact that each of the blood collections was performed prior to the vaccination injections. H, ELISA titration curves over serial log10-transformed dilution points of plasma collected from mice before and after immunization with Omicron LNP-mRNA at defined time points. I, Binding antibody titers of plasma from mice vaccinated with Omicron LNP-mRNA against Omicron spike RBD as quantified by area under curve of log10-transformed titration curve (Log10 AUC) in Figure 1H. Each dot in bar graphs represents the value from one mouse. Data on dot-bar plots are shown as mean ± s.e.m. with individual data points in plots. One-way ANOVA with Tukey’s multiple comparisons test was used to assess statistical significance. Statistical significance labels: * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001; **** p < 0.0001. Non-significant comparisons are not shown unless otherwise noted as n.s., not significant. To this end, mice were sequentially vaccinated with two doses of the WA-1 and Omicron LNP-mRNA, with a 106-day interval between the two different types. Blood samples of these were collected over time, followed by the purification and analysis of plasma samples in ELISA/neutralization assays against the SARS-CoV-2 WA-1 strain, as well as the Delta and Omicron variants. The binding antibody titers elicited by WA-1 mRNA-LNP were significantly weaker against Omicron as compared to Delta or WA-1 and were 20-fold and 11-fold lower on days 35 and 127, respectively, as compared to WA-1. By day 127, the titers decreased to a near-baseline level. Comparatively, the Omicron LNP-mRNA booster was very successful, as it successfully increased the antibody titers by over 2,000-fold as compared to the day before the boost. Furthermore, the Omicron LNP-mRNA increased neutralizing antibody titers against the WA-1 and Delta RBDs as well, albeit not to the same drastic levels. neutralization assays were then performed, as these experiments have become a standard measure for determining the effectiveness of treatments and vaccines against SARS-CoV-2. This assay produced similar results to the ELISA assays, with the booster vaccination dose significantly increasing the antibody titers against the Omicron variant, which again had fallen to near-zero by day 127. Conclusions The authors of the current study have successfully generated a vaccine candidate specifically designed to prove effective against the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant in both in vitro and in vivo models. . While further studies must be conducted, this vaccine could be a powerful tool in reducing the spread of the Omicron variant and help protect vulnerable individuals. The prediction that SARS-CoV-2 will eventually transition into an endemic virus like the influenza virus is a likely reality. Thus, the development of novel vaccines similar to the one described here will be needed as SARS-CoV-2 continues to adapt. Furthermore, as population-level immunity increases and the lethality of COVID-19 subsequently decreases, these vaccines will also offer protection to the most vulnerable patient populations. *Important notice bioRxiv publishes preliminary scientific reports that are not peer-reviewed and, therefore, should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or treated as established information. 
20220219_163941_nga_C000766_A000025	www.kossyderrickent.com	https://www.kossyderrickent.com/2022/02/video-bbnaija-frodd-buys-new-range.html	NGA	Information reaching Kossyderrickent has it that Big Brother Naija star of Season 4, Frodd, has acquired a new Range Rover worth over N25M. Taking to his Instagram page, Frodd, shared a video showing off his newly acquired white Range Rover sport SUV. After sharing the video, his colleagues rushed to his comment section to react as they began to congratulate him. Recall that a few years ago, Frodd, was mocked over inability to buy his own car. Now, Frodd, has over three cars; Range Rover, Mercedes Benz SUV worth N30M and Mercedes Benz. He wrote:New Whip Alert.Video below: 
20220219_163941_usa_C000768_A000009	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/technology/trumps-truth-social-app-launches-apple-app-store-2022-02-21/	USA	Feb 21 (Reuters) - Donald Trumps new social media venture, Truth Social, launched late on Sunday in Apples App Store, potentially marking the former presidents return to social media after he was banned from several platforms last year.The app was available shortly before midnight ET and was the top free app available on the App Store early Monday.Truth Social was automatically downloaded to Apple Inc devices belonging to users who had pre-ordered the app.Many users reported either having trouble registering for an account or were added to a waitlist with a message: Due to massive demand, we have placed you on our waitlist.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comThe app has been available for people invited to use it during its test phase, Reuters previously reported.Trump was banned from Twitter Inc , Facebook and Alphabet Incs YouTube following the Jan. 6, 2021, attack on the U.S. Capitol by his supporters, after he was accused of posting messages inciting violence.Led by former Republican U.S. Representative Devin Nunes, Trump Media & Technology Group (TMTG), the venture behind Truth Social, joins a growing portfolio of technology companies that are positioning themselves as champions of free speech and hope to draw users who feel their views are suppressed on more established platforms.So far none of the newer companies, which include Twitter competitors Gettr and Parler and video site Rumble, have come close to matching the popularity of their mainstream counterparts.This week we will begin to roll out on the Apple App Store. Thats going to be awesome, because were going to get so many more people that are going to be on the platform, Nunes said in a Sunday appearance on Fox News Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo.The Truth social network logo is seen displayed in this picture illustration taken February 21, 2022. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/IllustrationOur goal is, I think were going to hit it, I think by the by the end of March were going to be fully operational at least within the United States, he added.Truth Socials app store page detailing its version history showed the first public version of the app, or version 1.0 was available a day ago, confirming a Reuters report. The current version 1.0.1 includes bug fixes, according to the page.DRUMMING SUPPORTOn Friday, Nunes was on the app urging users to follow more accounts, share photos and videos and participate in conversations, in an apparent attempt to drum up activity, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.Among Nunes posts, he welcomed a new user who appeared to be a Catholic priest and encouraged him to invite more priests to join, according to the person with knowledge of the matter.Even as details of the app begin trickling out, TMTG remains mostly shrouded in secrecy and is regarded with skepticism by some in tech and media circles. It is unclear, for example, how the company is funding its current growth.TMTG is planning to list in New York through a merger with blank-check firm Digital World Acquisition Corp (DWAC) and stands to receive $293 million in cash that DWAC holds in a trust, assuming no DWAC shareholder redeems their shares, TMTG said in an Oct. 21 press release.Additionally, in December TMTG raised $1 billion committed financing from private investors; that money also will not be available until the DWAC deal closes. Digital Worlds activities have come under scrutiny from the Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, according to a regulatory filing, and the deal is likely months away from closing.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Julia Love in San Francisco and Helen Coster in New York; Additional reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein in Washington; Editing by Lisa Shumaker, Lincoln Feast and Diane CraftOur Standards: 
20220219_163941_usa_C000768_A000029	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/60-years-ago-astronaut-john-glenn-the-first-american-to-orbit-the-earth-aboard-friendship-7/	USA	A few days before launch, Glenn, right, watches as artist Cecilia “Cece” Bibby paints the name “Friendship 7” on his capsule. Credit: NASAIn February 1962, the space race between the United States and the Soviet Union was in full swing. Both nations had developed spacecraft to send humans into space and selected a group of pilots to fly those spacecraft. The Soviets leaped ahead by placing the first man, Yuri A. Gagarin, in space on April 12, 1961, on a one-orbit flight around the Earth aboard his Vostok spaceship. The United States responded with two suborbital piloted Mercury missions, launched atop Redstone rockets. The Soviets next kept a cosmonaut in space for a full day. On February 20, 1962, astronaut John H. Glenn became the first American to orbit the Earth during the three-orbit Mercury-Atlas 6 mission, aboard the spacecraft he named Friendship 7.Project Mercury was America’s first human space flight program. The Space Task Group at NASA’s Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, under the direction of , initiated the project in October 1958 with three goals: orbiting a manned spacecraft, investigating man’s ability to function in space, and safely recovering both spacecraft and crew member. In April 1959, NASA announced the who would undertake the Mercury missions. After some early launch failures, the first successful unpiloted test of the single-seat spacecraft took place in December 1960, launched into a suborbital flight atop a Redstone rocket. A similar flight a month later carried Ham, a chimpanzee. Astronaut completed the first American spaceflight on May 5, 1961, a 15-minute suborbital mission aboard his capsule. flew a similar mission on July 21 aboard Liberty Bell 7. The first successful unpiloted orbital Mercury flight using the more powerful Atlas rocket flew in September 1961, followed by the two-orbit flight of chimpanzee Enos on November 29. The next step was to fly an astronaut on an orbital mission.Friendship 7 astronaut John H. Glenn, left, leaving crew quarters with flight surgeon Dr. William K. Douglas and suit technician Joseph W. “Joe” Schmitt. Credit: NASAOn November 29, 1961, Gilruth, by then the of the (MSC), now NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston, announced the selection of astronaut to fly the first orbital mission, with as his backup. Following months of training and preparations of the spacecraft and its Atlas launch vehicle, Glenn donned his spacesuit and boarded Friendship 7 for a launch attempt on January 27, 1962. The launch director halted the countdown at T-minus 13 minutes due to thick clouds that would have prevented observation of the rocket’s ascent. Officials rescheduled the launch, and mechanical and weather delays added further postponements. On February 20, after a steak-and-eggs breakfast, Glenn suited up once again in Hangar S, a facility leased by MSC’s Cape Operations from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, today’s Cape Canaveral Space Force Station. He boarded a transfer van that took him on the four-mile, 11-minute trip to Launch Complex 14.At Launch Pad 14, astronaut John H. Glenn squeezes into the Friendship 7 capsule. Credit: NASAAssisted by the pad crew led by , Glenn squeezed into the cramped capsule. They strapped him in and bolted the hatch cover in place. After several delays, resulting in Glenn spending nearly four hours in the capsule, the countdown finally reached zero at 9:47 a.m. EST and the Atlas rocket’s three main engines ignited. Four seconds later, the rocket rose from the launch pad on a pillar of fire. Two minutes and nine seconds later, the rocket’s two booster engines cut off as planned and were jettisoned, the Atlas continuing on the power of the single, center-mounted sustainer engine. At five minutes, one second into the flight, the sustainer engine cut-off and Friendship 7 separated two seconds later. Glenn was in orbit!Liftoff of Friendship 7 with Glenn aboard atop an Atlas rocket from Launch Complex 14 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, now Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, in Florida. Credit: NASAA team of engineers monitored the countdown and the launch from the Mercury Control Center (MCC) located in Building 1385 at Cape Canaveral, led by Flight Director , who also served as chief of MSC’s Flight Operations. Carpenter served as capsule communicator, or capcom, the one person in MCC who communicated with the astronaut in orbit. A global network of tracking stations located along the spacecraft’s ground track supported the team in the MCC.An automatic camera inside Friendship 7 records astronaut John H. Glenn during his orbital flight. Credit: NASAShortly after separating from the booster, Friendship 7 turned around, flying with its heatshield in the direction of flight. Looking out his window, Glenn observed the state of Florida, and photographed it with his Ansco Autoset camera. He tracked the booster for eight minutes as it slowly tumbled out of sight. He reported feeling fine in weightlessness, and checking his spacecraft’s systems reported that all were working as expected. During his first orbit, as he flew over the succeeding ground sites, Glenn continued reporting on his and the spacecraft’s condition, successfully controlling the capsule’s attitude. He observed his first orbital sunset over the Indian Ocean and sunrise over the Pacific Ocean, including the phenomenon of the “fireflies,” ice particles traveling with his spaceship illuminated by the rising Sun. He ate his only food during the mission, a tube of apple sauce, and took a xylitol pill as part of an experiment investigating digestion during spaceflight. With all systems operating well, through the tracking station in Guaymas, Mexico, MCC gave Glenn a “go” for his second orbit. When his spacecraft began drifting out of its normal attitude, Glenn easily steered it back to its proper orientation.Glenn took this photograph of Florida shortly after launch. Credit: NASAAs he passed over Cape Canaveral at the start of his second orbit, controllers noticed a signal indicating that the spacecraft’s landing bag, used to cushion the impact at splashdown, had deployed, meaning that the heat shield required for reentry was no longer in place. Although engineers assumed the signal to be erroneous, they came up with the plan to keep the retrorocket pack on after retrofire, hoping the straps would be strong enough to keep the heatshield in place had the landing bag in fact been deployed. Although not told explicitly about the problem, Glenn was advised by all ground stations to make sure the landing-bag deploy switch was in the “off” position. Otherwise, Glenn’s second orbit around the Earth passed uneventfully, with the astronaut conducting experiments and photographing the planet as it sped by beneath him. As he passed over Hawaii, he received the “go” to proceed to his third and final orbit. Controllers instructed Glenn to place the landing-bag switch in the automatic position, and should a light come on, to keep the retropack in place after retrofire. Having now deduced what the issue was, Glenn reported he heard no bumping noises during attitude maneuvers that would indicate a deployed landing bag. Nearing the California coastline, the spacecraft fired its three retrorockets to slow its velocity, with Glenn reporting, “Boy, feels like I’m going halfway back to Hawaii!” Engineers closely monitored Friendship 7’s reentry into the Earth’s atmosphere. The temporary radio blackout caused by the buildup of ionized gases around the spacecraft as it sped through the upper layers of the atmosphere occurred as planned, lasting four minutes, 20 seconds. Glenn described the reentry as “a real fireball outside,” as pieces of the retropack burned off and passed by his window. He manually controlled the spacecraft’s attitude during the entry, eventually exhausting his fuel supply. The drogue parachute deployed early at 28,000 feet to slow and stabilize the spacecraft, followed by the main 63-foot red and white main parachute at 10,800 feet.Friendship 7, with astronaut John H. Glenn inside, a few minutes after splashdown. Credit: NASAFriendship 7 splashed down at 2:43 p.m. EST about 800 miles southeast of Cape Canaveral in the vicinity of Grand Turk Island in the Turks and Caicos Islands, after a flight lasting 4 hours, 55 minutes, and 23 seconds. The U.S. Navy designated the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Randolph (CVS-15) as the prime recovery ship, but because Friendship 7 landed 41 miles west and 19 miles north of the planned splashdown target, the closest vessel, the destroyer U.S.S. Noa (DD-841), completed the retrieval from the water. Sailors aboard Noa spotted Friendship 7 descending on its parachute from an altitude of 5,000 feet and at a distance of about six miles. The Noa pulled up alongside the capsule, maintaining radio contact with Glenn throughout the recovery operation that took 21 minutes from splashdown to placing the capsule on the ship’s side deck. Sitting in the hot capsule, Glenn blew the side hatch, preferring that route of egress over the more difficult overhead hatch. After his egress, a team of doctors escorted Glenn to the ship’s sick bay where he removed his spacesuit, took a much-needed shower, and underwent a brief medical exam that showed him to be slightly dehydrated but otherwise in excellent physical condition. He ate his first food, other than the infight tube of applesauce, since breakfast early that morning. Wearing flight overalls, Glenn returned to inspect his spacecraft and awaited a helicopter to fly him to the Randolph.Astronaut John H. Glenn relaxes aboard the U.S.S. Noa awaiting his helicopter ride to the U.S.S. Randolph. Credit: NASAThe helicopter from the Randolph hovered over the Noa’s deck and hoisted Glenn aboard. The helicopter delivered Glenn to the carrier where he received a more thorough physical examination by a team of Navy doctors, who also declared him fit and healthy. Glenn was then flown to Grand Turk Island, arriving there about five hours after splashdown. After another medical exam, Glenn finally went to sleep, more than 23 hours after awakening that morning for his historic day.Astronaut John H. Glenn being hoisted onto a helicopter for the short flight from the U.S.S. Noa to the prime recovery ship, the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Randolph. Credit: NASAGlenn spent the next two days on Grand Turk Island, undergoing more thorough medical examinations by the same team of physicians who examined him before flight. He also began his postflight engineering debriefings. Five of his fellow Mercury astronauts joined him on Grand Turk Island. In the predawn hours of February 23, Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson arrived to pick up Glenn for the flight back to the United States. Despite the early hour, a large part of the local population turned out to see Johnson and Glenn. They arrived at Patrick Air Force Base (AFB), near Cape Canaveral, later in the morning. Glenn’s wife Annie and their two children, David and Lynn, met him at Patrick.Astronaut John H. Glenn, center, being welcomed aboard the U.S.S. Randolph. Credit: NASAFrom Patrick AFB, the Glenns and Vice President Johnson motorcaded up the coast to Cape Canaveral, participating in a parade through Cocoa Beach. At Cape Canaveral’s Skid Strip, they met President John F. Kennedy who had just arrived. Glenn now rode in the Presidential limousine to Hangar S, where President Kennedy presented him with the NASA Distinguished Service Medal. Glenn responded with his usual humility, “I would like to consider I was a figurehead for this whole big, tremendous effort, and I am very proud of the medal I have on my lapel.” They then visited the MCC, where Flight Director Kraft and astronaut Shepard provided a tour, and LC-14, where Glenn presented the President with a hard hat worn by the launch pad workers.Friendship 7 astronaut John H. Glenn, right, rides in a motorcade through Cocoa Beach, Florida, with his wife Annie and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson. Credit: NASAThe Friendship 7 capsule also returned to Cape Canaveral. The U.S.S. Noa brought it to the shores of Grand Turk Island, placing it on a small boat that delivered it to a dock at the port. From there, workers trucked it to the airport and placed it on a U.S. Air Force cargo plane that flew it to the Skid Strip. Glenn and Friendship 7 were reunited at the event at Hangar S, where President Kennedy had a chance to peer into the recently-returned spacecraft.President John F. Kennedy peers inside Friendship 7 as astronaut John H. Glenn looks on. Credit: NASAOn February 26, Glenn and his family traveled to Washington, D.C., where they attended a reception at the White House hosted by President Kennedy. Despite the rain, thousands turned out to see them as they rode in a motorcade with Vice President Johnson to the U.S. Capitol, where Glenn addressed a Joint Session of Congress. Later in the day, they attended a dinner in their honor at the State Department, where dessert featured Mercury ice cream.Friendship 7 astronaut John H. Glenn, accompanied by his wife Annie and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson, during the ticker tape parade in New York City. Credit: NASAOn March 1, accompanied by Vice President Johnson, the Glenns took part in a parade in New York City, where police estimated four million people turned out to see them, throwing a record amount of ticker tape. Glenn gave a speech at City Hall, attended several receptions, and received several awards including the City of New York Medal of Honor. He addressed an informal session of the United Nations. Two days later, the Glenns’ hometown of Concord City, Ohio, welcomed them with a parade and several special events.Three months after its Earth orbital flight, the Friendship 7 capsule began its next mission, popularly known as its “fourth-orbit tour.” The U.S. Information Agency and NASA organized a three-month round-the-world tour that took it to more than 20 countries, including all that hosted a NASA tracking station. An estimated four million people saw it in person and 20 million more on local television programs. A U.S. Air Force C-130 cargo plane emblazoned with the words “Around the world with Friendship 7” transported the spacecraft to the various locations, beginning in Hamilton, Bermuda, on April 20, 1962, through Latin America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia. Following its fourth-orbit tour, on August 6, 1962, the famous spacecraft went on temporary display in the NASA exhibit hall at the Century 21 Exposition, also known as the World’s Fair, in Seattle.The Friendship 7 spacecraft is currently on display at the Stephen F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the Smithsonian Institution’s National Air and Space Museum (NASM) in Chantilly, Virginia. Credit: Courtesy of NASMOn February 23, 1963, NASA formally turned the spacecraft, along with Glenn’s spacesuit and other artifacts, over to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C., where it has resided ever since. It is currently on display at the Stephen F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum in Chantilly, Virginia. As far as Cape Canaveral’s MCC, although the building housing it was demolished in 2010, the control room was removed, relocated, and painstakingly restored, and is on display in the Kurt Debus Conference Center at the at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. A full-size replica of Friendship 7 is on display at the entrance to Jags McCartney International Airport on Grand Turk Island, where officials renamed the main entrance road John Glenn Drive.Enjoy a . (Produced 10 years ago for the 50th anniversary. 
20220219_163941_zwe_C000769_A000020	www.macrumors.com	https://www.macrumors.com/2022/02/21/iphone-14-pro-design-finalized-trial-production/	ZWE	Apples largest supplier, Foxconn, has begun trial production of the , suggesting that Apple has finalized its design as it moves into the early stages of device manufacturing, according to from the Taiwan Economic Times. According to the report, Foxconn will manufacture the higher-end models of the , while Luxshare, another Apple supplier, will take on the two lower-end models. The report notes that Foxconn will begin OEM trial production of the <U+200C>iPhone 14 Pro<U+200C> to ensure it can produce the device to Apples standards in preparing for mass production later on in the year. From the report (machine translated): Apples iPhone 14 has recently entered into trial production, and it is rumored Luxshare has not yet obtained the new product trial production into mass production service orders (NPI), and will not be able to OEM the best-selling, high-unit price, higher profit high-end iPhone 14, and may only get the basic iPhone 14 orders this year, becoming the second supplier. After starting the trial production, the foundry has to collect data, correct abnormalities, evaluate the production process and the items that need to be improved, and assess whether the trial production is acceptable. The <U+200C>iPhone 14<U+200C> and <U+200C>iPhone 14 Pro<U+200C> could feature some design tweaks, invoking nostalgic design choices with the 4 and <U+200C>iPhone<U+200C> 5. <U+200C>iPhone 14 Pro<U+200C> Max suggest a thicker overall chassis and no camera bump. Those same renders suggest circular volume buttons and a redesigned speaker grille. One of the most noticeable changes rumored to be coming to the <U+200C>iPhone 14<U+200C> is the removal of the notch in favor of a pill-shaped cutout design. have suggested that Apple will debut a single punch-hole and pill-shaped cutout at the top of the display to house the front-facing camera and TrueDepth camera system for . The <U+200C>iPhone 14<U+200C> lineup is expected to include four variants, including two 6.1-inch and two 6.7-inch models. The updated <U+200C>iPhone<U+200C> lineup will mean the end of the 5.4-inch <U+200C>iPhone<U+200C> mini, first launched with the . Alongside an updated design, the <U+200C>iPhone 14<U+200C> is expected to include a slew of camera upgrades, such as a , 8K video recording, and an . In addition to camera upgrades and a new design, the <U+200C>iPhone 14<U+200C> will have improved performance and could feature , the most ever in an <U+200C>iPhone<U+200C>. Other rumors have stated the <U+200C>iPhone 14<U+200C> as Apple pushes to increase adoption of eSIM technology, and it could come with . 
20220219_163941_eth_C000779_A000030	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-10534751/Chelsea-Marina-Granovskaia-clashed-Mino-Raiola-uses-WhatsApp-chats-deals-done.html	ETH	REVEALED: Chelsea chief Marina Granovskaia clashed with Mino Raiola, uses late-night WhatsApp chats to get deals done and left agents stunned with her uncompromising manner, say insiders in a LEquipe profile on the Blues enigmaFrench newspaper has revealed insight into Marina Granovskaia It is said that the Chelsea chief has an uncompromising manner with agents Mino Raiola, the notoriously fiery agent, is reported to have clashed with herA trusted lieutenant for Roman Abramovich, she has been labelled as an enigmaBy Published: 11:00 BST, 21 February 2022 | Updated: 19:00 BST, 21 February 2022 enigma Marina Granovskaia is someone who prefers to operate away from the cameras but the workings and character of the uncompromising Blues chief have been detailed at length by insiders at French newspaper .The extensive profile on Chelseas managing director paints a picture of an intellectual who has the steel to take on agents, including Mino Raiola. One of the most powerful football agents in the world, Raiola is reported to have clashed with Granovskaia.The Russian executive, who assumed her director role at Chelsea in 2013, is, unnamed agents said in the profile, someone who often works at impossible times and likes to conduct her business via messaging platform WhatsApp. The profile explains that when she was appointed by owner Roman Abramovich, agents thought she was going to be easy to handle but that has not come to pass.She is one of Abramovichs most trusted confidantes and is the one who runs the club from London while he is away.While Granovskaia endeavours to work under the radar, some insiders say that she has endeared herself to colleagues. Marina Granovskaia (left), a close confidante of Roman Abramovich (right), has been profiled French newspaper LEquipe details her uncompromising approach to dealing with agentsWhen you know her, you discover someone nice, funny and very cultured, Olivier Letang, president of Lille, is quoted as saying.Her relationship with Abramovich goes back well beyond her nine years at Chelsea.Granovskaia, who has Russian and Canadian citizenship, worked as Abramovichs personal assistant at his oil company, Sibneft, in 1997. She was brought to London in 2003 when Abramovich purchased Chelsea and took a position on the board a decade later, with the Times declaring her the most powerful woman in football. She reportedly has clashed with Mino Raiola, one of the most prominent agents in football The Russian-Canadian director has been described as headstrong in negotationsGranovskaia is the chief negotiator for new players and contract renewals and, while she has been praised for her role in convincing veteran defender Thiago Silva to join, it was her display at the negotiating table for the sale of Eden Hazard that captured attention. Hazard had a year left on his Chelsea contract in 2019 when Real Madrid aggressively pursued a deal for the Belgian attacker. Negotiations were described as long but Granovskaia had a clear amount she wanted as a transfer fee and was unwilling to cave to pressure from Real Madrid. It is said she was willing to keep Hazard for another year and lose him for nothing than sell on the cheap. She was present with the players in Abu Dhabi when they won the Club World Cup this monthIn the end she pulled off a reported deal of Ł134million in three instalments. Granovskaia, who was in Abu Dhabi to see Chelsea win the Club World Cup, has been described as a savvy and fine leader who is available and uncompromising in her work, which has led to Chelsea becoming reigning European champions. Forbes ranked her fifth overall back in 2018 in their Most Powerful Women in International Sports list.In addition, Granovskaias work was recognised on a global scale when she received the Best Club Director in European football award back in December. Share or comment on this article: 
20220219_163941_pak_C000784_A000011	www.dawn.com	https://www.dawn.com/news/1676291/vladimir-putin-joe-biden-agree-in-principle-to-summit-as-ukraine-tensions-soar	PAK	Russian President Vladimir Putin and his US counterpart Joe Biden have agreed to a summit — to be held only if Moscow does not invade Ukraine, France announced on Monday following a frantic new round of diplomacy to avert an all-out war. Both leaders have said yes in principle to the summit, proposed by French President Emmanuel Macron, his office said, with the White House confirming Bidens willingness, though it was notably cautious. A senior administration official told AFP: “Timing to be determined. Format to be determined so its all completely notional.” The Elysee added that the summit will be expanded to “relevant stakeholders” and that preparations would start between Russia and the United States on Thursday. The possible breakthrough came after Washington warned of an and Ukraine and Russia blamed each other for a spike in shellings on the front line separating Kyivs forces from Moscow-backed separatists. The bombardments have sent Ukrainians fleeing to cellars and other shelters, while some civilians have been . In its own statement, the White House warned that it was still ready “to impose swift and severe consequences” should Russia invade. “And currently, Russia appears to be continuing preparations for a full-scale assault on Ukraine very soon,” US press secretary Jen Psaki said. Washington and other Western capitals say that Russia has massed more than 150,000 troops on Ukraines borders and is ready to launch a full-scale assault. Moscow denies any intention to invade its neighbour but has demanded that the Nato alliance permanently rule out Ukraines bid for membership and called for the withdrawal of Western forces deployed in eastern Europe since the end of the Cold War. Macron-Putin calls The announcement of the summit came moments after Macron held his second marathon call with Putin of the day. During their first, 105-minute discussion, Putin blamed the increase in violence on the front line on “provocations carried out by the Ukrainian security forces”, according to a Kremlin statement. Putin repeated a call for “the United States and Nato to take Russian demands for security guarantees seriously”. But Macrons office also said the two had agreed on “the need to favour a diplomatic solution to the ongoing crisis and to do everything to achieve one. The second time the pair spoke, late on Sunday evening, it was for an hour, the French presidency said. The announcement of the summit came shortly after. Earlier, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Russia remained “on the brink” of invading Ukraine. US media cited anonymous sources as saying that Washington received intelligence last week showing the Kremlin has given troops the order to attack. The White House, Pentagon and State Department did not confirm the reports when asked by AFP. Satellite images from a US company also showed new Russian troop deployments along the border. Macron also spoke with Ukraines Volodymyr Zelensky, who called for an immediate ceasefire and the resumption of talks. “We stand for intensifying the peace process,” Zelensky tweeted, adding that he had informed Macron about “new provocative shelling” on the front line between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed rebels. That volatile front line has seen a “dramatic increase” in ceasefire violations, monitors from the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) have said. Hundreds of artillery and mortar attacks were reported in recent days, in a conflict that has rumbled on for eight years and claimed more than 14,000 lives. Shelling again AFP reporters heard more bombardments overnight close to the front line between government forces and the Moscow-backed rebels who hold parts of the eastern districts of Lugansk and Donetsk. In Zolote, a frontline village in the Lugansk region, an AFP reporter found residents hiding in an earth-floored cellar roughly furnished when the separatist conflict erupted in 2014. “These weeks they started shelling harder. Now they are shelling again,” said 33-year-old handyman Oleksiy Kovalenko. In Moscow meanwhile, the US embassy warned Americans of potential attacks in public places in Russia. Screws tighten Earlier, fears of escalation mounted after Belarus announced that Russian forces would remain on its soil after Sundays scheduled end to , further tightening the screws on Ukraine. Moscow had previously said the 30,000 troops it has in Belarus were carrying out readiness drills with its ally, to be finished by Sunday, allowing the Russians to head back to their bases. But Belarus said it had decided with Russia to “continue inspections”, citing increased military activity on their shared borders and an alleged “escalation” in east Ukraine. Occupied enclave The Moscow-backed separatists have accused Ukraine of planning an offensive into their enclave, despite the huge Russian military build-up on the frontier. Kyiv and Western capitals ridicule this idea and accuse Moscow of attempting to provoke Ukraine and of plotting to fabricate incidents to provide a pretext for Russian intervention. The rebel regions have made similar claims about Ukraines forces and ordered a general mobilisation, evacuating civilians into neighbouring Russian territory. “My husband told me: take the children and go!” 31-year-old nurse Anna Tikhonova told AFP from a camp at Vesselo-Voznessenka, Russia. She and her children had fled from Gorlovka, Ukraine, to the sound of gunfire, she said. 
20220219_163941_pak_C000784_A000034	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/spacex-starlink-satellite-launch-4-8-rocket-landing	PAK	SpaceX launched nearly four dozen satellites and landed the returning rocket Monday (Feb. 21) on a mission that tied the companys booster-reuse record.A two-stage rocket topped with 46 of SpaceXs broadband spacecraft lifted off from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida at 9:44 a.m. EST (1444 GMT), soaring into a clear, blue sky. About nine minutes after liftoff, the Falcon 9s first stage came back down to Earth for a vertical touchdown on SpaceXs droneship A Shortfall of Gravitas, which was stationed in the Atlantic Ocean a few hundred miles off the Florida coast. It was the 100th Falcon 9 rocket landing for and the companys 107th landing overall, including touchdowns by Falcon Heavy boosters. (The company back in December.)Great news overall, we are now awaiting the deployment of our 46 Starlink satellites which is scheduled to occur about an hour from now, SpaceX production manager Jessie Anderson said during live commentary after the launch. SpaceX ended its live webcast before satellite deployment due the lack of ground station video links with the satellites, Anderson added.Related:Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying 46 Starlink internet satellites stands atop SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida for a launch on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4Mondays flight was the 11th launch and landing of this particular Falcon 9 first stage, Anderson said. That tied SpaceXs reuse record, which was set by a different Falcon 9 booster . The Falcon 9 first stage on this flight, called Starlink 4-8, previously launched SpaceXs Crew Demo-2 flight (the companys first astronaut flight for NASA in 2020), as well as the Anasis-II satellite mission for South Korea, CRS-21 space station cargo mission for NASA, Transporter-1 and Transporter-3 rideshare missions and five different Starlink missions, SpaceX has said. The two halves of the rockets nose cone, or payload fairing, also made return trips to space on the flight, each flying on their third mission, Anderson said. Improvements on the fairings and our overall refurbishment process has decreased the impact of water landings handled to an overall fairing recovery rate of 93% over the last 14 missions, she added.Image 1 of 2A SpaceX Falcon 9 first-stage booster is seen on the droneship A Shortfall Of Gravitas in the Atlantic Ocean after a successful landing following its launch of SpaceXs Starlink 4-8 satellites from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 2A SpaceX Falcon 9 first-stage booster (left) approaches the droneship landing platform A Shortfall Of Gravitas to make its 11th landing on Feb. 21, 2022. At right: The missions upper stage rocket continues to orbit with 46 Starlink internet satellites aboard. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 2SpaceX had already launched three big Starlink batches this year — two in January and one on Feb. 3. The Feb. 3 mission ran into serious trouble, however, thanks to a solar eruption, which triggered a geomagnetic storm here on Earth. That storm increased atmospheric density, boosting drag on the newly launched Starlink satellites. As a result, up to 40 of the 49 spacecraft , SpaceX representatives said.SpaceX is apparently targeting a higher orbit in which to release its new Starlink satellites on todays flight,, which reduced the number of satellties from 49 to 46. They will be deployed in a near-circular target orbit that will range between 202 miles and 209 miles (325-337 kilometers) at its highest and lowest points, Spaceflight Now reported.The lowest altitude for the satellites lost in the solar storm was about 130 miles (210 km), SpaceX has said. The company intentionally deploys its large batches of Starlink satellites into low orbits so that they can fall back to Earth and burn up in the atmosphere to avoid creating space debris if they suffer a malfunction in orbit.SpaceX has already launched about 2,100 Starlink satellites to orbit, with more than 200 falling from orbit from failures or decommissioning,. But the company is far from done. SpaceX has approval to launch 12,000 Starlink craft and has applied for permission from an international regulator for up to 30,000 more.The companys Starlink internet satellite project aims to provide high-speed internet access to customers anywhere on Earth, especially in underserved or extremely remote areas of the planet where internet service is difficult to obtain.Mondays launch was originally scheduled for Sunday (Feb. 20), but SpaceX pushed it back a day due to bad weather for rocket recovery operations.The successful launch and landing marked SpaceXs seventh space mission of 2022 and the fourth dedicated to Starlink launches. It was the companys 38th Starlink mission and 145th launch overall, Anderson said. Editors note: This story was updated at 10:32 a.m. EST to report the successful launch of SpaceXs Starlink 4-8 mission. It was also corrected to note that the mission carried 46 Starlink satellites into orbit, not 49.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . 
20220219_163941_ken_C000794_A000031	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/spacex-starlink-satellite-launch-4-8-rocket-landing	KEN	SpaceX launched nearly four dozen satellites and landed the returning rocket Monday (Feb. 21) on a mission that tied the companys booster-reuse record.A two-stage rocket topped with 46 of SpaceXs broadband spacecraft lifted off from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida at 9:44 a.m. EST (1444 GMT), soaring into a clear, blue sky. About nine minutes after liftoff, the Falcon 9s first stage came back down to Earth for a vertical touchdown on SpaceXs droneship A Shortfall of Gravitas, which was stationed in the Atlantic Ocean a few hundred miles off the Florida coast. It was the 100th Falcon 9 rocket landing for and the companys 107th landing overall, including touchdowns by Falcon Heavy boosters. (The company back in December.)Great news overall, we are now awaiting the deployment of our 46 Starlink satellites which is scheduled to occur about an hour from now, SpaceX production manager Jessie Anderson said during live commentary after the launch. SpaceX ended its live webcast before satellite deployment due the lack of ground station video links with the satellites, Anderson added.Related:Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying 46 Starlink internet satellites stands atop SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida for a launch on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4Mondays flight was the 11th launch and landing of this particular Falcon 9 first stage, Anderson said. That tied SpaceXs reuse record, which was set by a different Falcon 9 booster . The Falcon 9 first stage on this flight, called Starlink 4-8, previously launched SpaceXs Crew Demo-2 flight (the companys first astronaut flight for NASA in 2020), as well as the Anasis-II satellite mission for South Korea, CRS-21 space station cargo mission for NASA, Transporter-1 and Transporter-3 rideshare missions and five different Starlink missions, SpaceX has said. The two halves of the rockets nose cone, or payload fairing, also made return trips to space on the flight, each flying on their third mission, Anderson said. Improvements on the fairings and our overall refurbishment process has decreased the impact of water landings handled to an overall fairing recovery rate of 93% over the last 14 missions, she added.Image 1 of 2A SpaceX Falcon 9 first-stage booster is seen on the droneship A Shortfall Of Gravitas in the Atlantic Ocean after a successful landing following its launch of SpaceXs Starlink 4-8 satellites from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 2A SpaceX Falcon 9 first-stage booster (left) approaches the droneship landing platform A Shortfall Of Gravitas to make its 11th landing on Feb. 21, 2022. At right: The missions upper stage rocket continues to orbit with 46 Starlink internet satellites aboard. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 2SpaceX had already launched three big Starlink batches this year — two in January and one on Feb. 3. The Feb. 3 mission ran into serious trouble, however, thanks to a solar eruption, which triggered a geomagnetic storm here on Earth. That storm increased atmospheric density, boosting drag on the newly launched Starlink satellites. As a result, up to 40 of the 49 spacecraft , SpaceX representatives said.SpaceX is apparently targeting a higher orbit in which to release its new Starlink satellites on todays flight,, which reduced the number of satellties from 49 to 46. They will be deployed in a near-circular target orbit that will range between 202 miles and 209 miles (325-337 kilometers) at its highest and lowest points, Spaceflight Now reported.The lowest altitude for the satellites lost in the solar storm was about 130 miles (210 km), SpaceX has said. The company intentionally deploys its large batches of Starlink satellites into low orbits so that they can fall back to Earth and burn up in the atmosphere to avoid creating space debris if they suffer a malfunction in orbit.SpaceX has already launched about 2,100 Starlink satellites to orbit, with more than 200 falling from orbit from failures or decommissioning,. But the company is far from done. SpaceX has approval to launch 12,000 Starlink craft and has applied for permission from an international regulator for up to 30,000 more.The companys Starlink internet satellite project aims to provide high-speed internet access to customers anywhere on Earth, especially in underserved or extremely remote areas of the planet where internet service is difficult to obtain.Mondays launch was originally scheduled for Sunday (Feb. 20), but SpaceX pushed it back a day due to bad weather for rocket recovery operations.The successful launch and landing marked SpaceXs seventh space mission of 2022 and the fourth dedicated to Starlink launches. It was the companys 38th Starlink mission and 145th launch overall, Anderson said. Editors note: This story was updated at 10:32 a.m. EST to report the successful launch of SpaceXs Starlink 4-8 mission. It was also corrected to note that the mission carried 46 Starlink satellites into orbit, not 49.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . 
20220219_163941_zaf_C000801_A000019	www.itnewsafrica.com	https://www.itnewsafrica.com/2022/02/street-fighter-6-announced-by-capcom-check-out-ryus-new-look/	ZAF	We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. 
20220219_163941_zaf_C000801_A000035	ridgetimes.co.za	https://ridgetimes.co.za/281419/can-you-prevent-eating-disorders-in-children/	ZAF	Eating disorders can lead to major health issues in children and adolescents. Early detection and prevention of eating disorders in children under the age of 12 are critical. In light of this week being National Awareness Week, we take a closer look at the warning indicators parents should be on the lookout for. What are eating disorders in children? Eating disorders in children and adolescents result in significant changes in eating patterns, which can lead to serious, even life-threatening health concerns. The three major categories of eating disorders are as follows: Anorexia is a condition in which a youngster refuses to consume enough calories due to an extreme and unreasonable fear of growing overweight. Bulimia is a condition in which a youngster binges and then purges the food by vomiting or taking laxatives to avoid weight gain. Binge eating is a condition in which a child consumes a large amount of food quickly yet does not vomit. Did you know? Eating problems in children and adolescents can coexist. Some children, for example, fluctuate between anorexia and bulimia. What causes eating disorders in children? Researchers do not know what causes eating disorders, but they do know what raises one’s chances of acquiring one. Eating disorders are heritable, which means that if a kid’s parent, sibling, or another relative has an eating disorder, the child is 7-12 times more likely to have one than a child who does not. 2 Children with chronic illnesses, particularly those with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, are also at a higher risk. 3 Children who suffer from depression, anxiety, or other mental illnesses may be at a higher risk. Signs your child may have an eating disorder Severe change in weight Exercising obsessively Social withdrawal Preoccupation with food, diet or weight Avoidance of meals or events where food is available Going to the bathroom to purge after meals Scarred knuckles due to using fingers to encourage vomiting How can you prevent eating disorders? Family meals should be eaten together at the table Be a role model and set an example for your children. Offer healthy food alternatives Try not to label food as good or bad Food should not be used as a reward or a form of punishment Help your child build their self-esteem and manage their emotions Praise and acknowledge your child’s inner qualities as opposed to their appearance Encourage being active and getting involved in sporting activities What to do if your child has an eating disorder If you feel that your child may have an eating disorder, seek help immediately. Speak to your healthcare provider who can recommend a specialist for your child. 
20220219_163941_uga_C000807_A000004	www.independent.co.ug	https://www.independent.co.ug/traders-loses-millions-as-fire-guts-elegu-market/	UGA	Elegu, Uganda | THE INDEPENDENT | Fire has razed down Elegu Market in Amuru District, at the Uganda-South Sudan border. Preliminary reports indicate the fire started at about 1 am on Monday before spreading across the entire market structures made of bamboo poles, timber, and iron sheets. Noah Katende, a businessman at Elegu Town Council says that the fire is suspected to have started from one of the shops centrally located inside the market. According to Katende, the fire spread very fast, overpowering the traders and the community around the market. “The market is completely burnt down, the fire spread very fast and couldn’t be put out,” Katende told Uganda Radio Network in an interview Monday. Richard Omony, a wholesale trader in the area says the entire structure at the market has been burnt down in the inferno that lasted several hours. He estimates that close to 500 traders who earn a living at the market lost their goods valued in billions of shillings. Omony, however, says that it was unclear how the fire started before it engulfed the entire market. Grace Bako, a businesswoman at Elegu market says she lost goods worth 8 million Shillings in her retail shop. “I couldn’t save anything at that time, the fire was too strong and spread very fast to other neighbouring shops and stalls,” She says. Amuru Resident District Commissioner Geoffrey Osborn Oceng who rushed to the scene says the police couldn’t put out the fire since their Firefighting truck at Elegu Police station broke down about three months ago. He says a fire fighting truck that responded from Gulu Central Police station arrived when the Market had been engulfed in flames. Oceng blames the traders for negligence and failure to adhere to directives of erecting semi-permanent structures that can’t easily be destroyed by fire. He also notes that the District local government had earlier allocated a market space for the traders, about 200 meters south of the current market but none of them accepted to relocate. According to Oceng, they have now decided to halt any further establishment of temporary stalls at the market site adding that all traders have been directed to occupy the new site allocated by the district. Oceng says security personnel will investigate the exact cause of the fire to ascertain whether it was accidental or intentionally ignited by an arsonist. This is not the first time Elegu Market has been ruined by fire. In 2019, a similar fire incident burnt down shops and stalls at the market, leaving close to 100 traders in losses. ***** URN 
20220219_163941_uga_C000807_A000017	techcrunch.com	https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/21/jambo-raises-7-5m-from-coinbase-alameda-research-to-build-web3-super-app-of-africa/	UGA	, a Congo-based startup building Africa’s web3 user acquisition portal through “learn, play, earn” and democratizing access to crypto-based income-generation opportunities, has raised $7.5 million in seed funding. Experts say Africa is poised to be disrupted by web3 in a similar fashion that has seen Southeast Asia become one of the best markets for web3. The latter is home to startups like Axie Infinity and Yield Guild Games, which have raised millions of dollars in venture capital owing to the adoption of crypto and play-to-earn models. The mix of positives, such as a fast-growing population — the youngest globally — solid smartphone penetration and increasing crypto adoption, and negatives like low GDP per capita across the board and unemployment makes Africa the next ripe ground for web3. And a few companies, such as Jambo, are positioning themselves for this next boom. According to James Zhang, its co-founder and CEO, Jambo wants to onboard millions of users to web3 in Africa through its applications. He founded the company with his sister — both Congo-born Chinese — in November 2021 after noticing the opportunity to duplicate the success of web3 projects in Southeast Asia across Africa. Although users of Axie Infinity and other guilds only earn an income while playing games under a revenue-sharing model, Jambo is taking a two-sided approach by allowing its users to do so when they partake in web2 and web3 activities. For instance, users can save their data spend when they use Jambo. Zhang explains that Jambo partners with telecom providers get an almost 70% discount and sell directly to its users at a 50% discount from the original cost. “It’s one of our main user acquisition strategies where we want to double every Africans airtime and data,” Zhang said. Secondly, Jambo is partnering with social media companies so users can earn tokens (which they can convert to income) while watching their content on its app. “The reason we can do that is via partnerships with these companies as we tokenize a part of their advertising budget and directly provide to the end-user,” he said. “Many web2 incumbents or even web3 are having a $100-200 user acquisition costs so we can lower that by order of magnitude by directly incentivizing the end-user.” The last bit is play-to-earn games. There are currently no popularized play-to-earn web3 games from Africa and this is because the infrastructure to create them, which is through Guilds, is lacking. Zhang said Jambo wants to build that infrastructure. Still, unlike well-known guilds whose business models involve taking percentages of profit from its users, his company doesn’t plan to take a cut from its users’ earnings. Instead, Jambo’s revenues would come from web2 models — charging advertising dollars and commissions from selling airtime and data. James Zhang (co-founder and CEO, Jambo ). Image Credits: Jambo As the “web3 onboarding portal of Africa,” the CEO said Jambo is testing out over 10 play-to-earn games to introduce to its users in the next couple of months. But for a region with little or no understanding of web3 workings, how does Jambo expect its project to take off smoothly? “Education is at the core of what we do because I think there is no shortcut in Africa. You have to educate the user base before you can even think about monetizing or start to acquire users at the end of the day. This is why we are launching classes with a full curriculum on web3. We plan to launch that in more than five universities in Africa by the end of Q1,” he answered. Since the start of this year, Jambo has already signed up more than 12,000 students across 14 countries (Morocco, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Equatorial Guinea, Kenya, Congo, Uganda, Rwanda, DR Congo, Tanzania, Zambia, Namibia, Madagascar and South Africa) to take a curated web3 curriculum, both online and offline. The company said this would enable students to explore opportunities in play-to-earn gaming and decentralized finance (DeFi). The 10-week programs are available at colleges and across 600+ physical partner locations where hundreds of ambassadors sign up students. With nearly and almost, Jambo believes its model of educating users about play-to-earn games and DeFi could “lead to financial prosperity in ways Africans could never have accessed before.” Educating Africa’s young population about web3 and decentralization seems to be a correlating theme with recent web3 upstarts in Africa. Nigeria-based , for instance, raised $6.4 million to scale its web3 initiatives, which include Breach, a media outlet that creates bite-sized and informative crypto content for its users. Both companies have different play-to-earn models — Nestcoin runs a gaming guild called Metaverse Magna (MVM), Jambo doesn’t. Yet, they are similar in setting up a new web3 segment in Africa different from more established platforms such as remittance and crypto exchanges. For Zhang, the fundamental distinction is that while customary platforms help Africans save and send money, new upstarts are increasing earning and wealth potentials for users. “I think in Africa, there is no money to save because there’s 1% super-rich and 99% the same. So for us, we set out with a different methodology, which is to help the everyday person make money,” the chief executive said. “This is why every component in our super app is actually to help the everyday person make money from play to earn, to making money from watching videos and saving money on data credits. So ideally, in three to six months, once our app comes online, the everyday person can make $50 a month from playing on Axie Infinity, make another $20 a month from watching videos, and they make another $10 bucks a month from the money they save on data credits. That would be the ideal situation our app can accomplish with every person.” Jambo expects to release its beta version by Q2 and go live in Q3. And in a bid to build its super app, the 60-man team spread across sub-Saharan Africa, Santa Clara and Shenzhen raised a party round from investors who have backed prominent web3 companies such as , Dharma, BlockFi and . They include Coinbase Ventures, Three Arrows Capital (3AC), Alameda Research, Tiger Global, Delphi Ventures, AllianceDAO, DeFiance Capital, Yield Guild Games and Polygon Studiosl, and several angel investors from the web3 ecosystem, like Polygon co-founder and CEO Sandeep Nailwal; ex-ParaFi partner Santiago R Santos; Terraform Labs co-founder and CEO Do Kwon; and partner at Delphi Digital, Piers Kicks. “What WeChat did in China, Jambo will do in Africa. Excited to back this A+ team in becoming the Web3 super app of the continent,” said Santiago R Santos, a web3 investor and ex-ParaFi partner, in a statement. 
20220219_163941_mys_C000813_A000032	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-robustness-bacteria-nutrient-stress.html	MYS	Green fluorescent protein (shown in the middle) is used by engineered bacteria as a reserve of amino acids. When nutrients become scarce, the protein can be broken down to provide essential amino acids needed for survival. Credit: Klara Szydlo & Thomas Gorochowski Researchers from the Universities of Bristol and Hamburg have engineered bacteria with internal nutrient reserves that can be accessed when needed to survive extreme environmental conditions. The findings, published in ACS Synthetic Biology, pave the way for more robust biotechnologies based on engineered microbes. Synthetic biology allows scientists to redesign organisms, harnessing their capabilities to lead to innovative solutions spanning the sustainable production of biomaterials to advanced sensing of pathogens and disease. Dr. Thomas Gorochowski, joint senior author and a Royal Society University Research Fellow in the School of Biological Sciences at Bristol, said: Many of the engineered we have created to date are fragile and break easily when removed from the carefully controlled conditions of the lab. This makes their deployment and scale-up difficult. To tackle this problem, the team focused on the idea of building up reserves of within when times are good, and then breaking these down when conditions are difficult and additional nutrients are needed. Klara Szydlo, first author and a Ph.D. student at the University of Hamburg, elaborated: Cells require building blocks like to function and survive. We modified bacteria to have a protected reserve of these that could then be broken down and released when nutrients became scarce in the wider . This allowed the cells to continue functioning when times were tough and made them more robust to any unexpected challenges they faced. To create such a system, the team engineered bacteria to produce proteins that could not be directly used by the cell, but which were recognized by molecular machines called proteases. When nutrients fluctuated in the environment, these proteases could then be called on to release the amino acids making up the protein reserve. The released amino acids allowed the cells to continue growing, even though the environment lacked the nutrients required. The system acted similar to a biological battery that the cell could tap into when the mains power was cut. Dr. Gorochowski added: Developing such a system like this is difficult because there are many different aspects of the design to consider. How big should the protein reserve be? How quickly does this need to be broken down? What sorts of environmental fluctuation would this approach work for? We had lots of questions and no easy way to assess the different options. To get around this problem, the team built a that allowed them to simulate lots of different scenarios and better understand where the system worked well and where it broke. It turned out that a careful balance was required between the size of the protein reserve, the speed of its breakdown when required, and the length of time nutrients were scarce. Importantly though, the model also showed that if the right combination of these factors was present, the cell could be completely shielded from changes in the environment. Professor Zoya Ignatova, joint senior author from the Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Hamburg, concluded: Weve been able to demonstrate how carefully managing reserves of key cellular resources is a valuable approach to engineering bacteria that need to operate in challenging environments. This capability will become increasingly important as we deploy our systems into complex real-world settings and our work helps pave the way for more robust engineered cells that can operate in a safe and predictable manner. More information: Klara Szydlo et al, Improving the Robustness of Engineered Bacteria to Nutrient Stress Using Programmed Proteolysis, ACS Synthetic Biology (2022). Citation: Improving the robustness of engineered bacteria to nutrient stress (2022, February 21) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-robustness-bacteria-nutrient-stress.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220219_163941_nam_C000817_A000002	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/news/2022/feb/21/switzerland-at-risk-of-eu-blacklist-after-credit-suisse-leak	NAM	The fallout from a huge leak of banking data threatened to damage Switzerland’s entire financial sector on Monday after the European parliament’s main political grouping raised the prospect of adding the country to a money-laundering blacklist.The European People’s party (EPP), the largest political grouping of the European parliament, for the EU to review its relationship with Switzerland and consider whether it should be added to its list of countries associated with a high risk of financial crime.Experts said that such a move would be a disaster for Switzerland’s financial sector, which would face the kind of enhanced due diligence applied to transactions linked to rogue nations including Iran, Myanmar, Syria and North Korea.“When Swiss banks fail to apply international anti-money-laundering standards properly, Switzerland itself becomes a high-risk jurisdiction,” said Markus Ferber, the coordinator on economic affairs for the EPP, which represents Europe’s centre-right political parties.“When the list of high-risk third countries in the area of money laundering is up for revision the next time, the European Commission needs to consider adding Switzerland to that list.”The EPP released the proposal after media outlets including the Guardian, Süddeutsche Zeitung, the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project (OCCRP), and Le Monde revealed how a massive leak of Credit Suisse data had uncovered apparently widespread failures of due diligence by the bank.Quick GuideSuisse secretsShowWhat is the Suisse secrets leak?Suisse secrets is a global journalistic investigation into a leak of data from the Swiss bank Credit Suisse. It comprises more than 18,000 bank accounts that were leaked to Süddeutsche Zeitung by a whistleblower who said Swiss banking secrecy laws were immoral. The data, which is only a partial capture of the bank’s 1.5 million private banking clients, is linked to more than 30,000 Credit Suisse clients. The leak includes personal, shared and corporate bank accounts – holding, on average, 7.5m Swiss francs (CHF). Almost 200 accounts in the data are worth more than 100m CHF, and more than a dozen are valued in the billions. While some accounts in the data were open as far back as the 1940s, more than two-thirds were opened since 2000. Many of those were still open well into the last decade, and a portion remain open today.The Guardian was among more than 48 media partners around the world including journalists at Le Monde, NDR, the Miami Herald and the New York Times. They spent months using the data to investigate the bank, in a project coordinated by Süddeutsche Zeitung and the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project (OCCRP). They unearthed evidence Credit Suisse accounts had been used by clients involved in torture, drug trafficking, money laundering, corruption and other serious crimes, suggesting widespread failures of due diligence by the bank. It is not illegal to have a Swiss account and the leak also contained data of legitimate clients who had done nothing wrong. In , Credit Suisse said it strongly rejects the allegations and inferences about the bank’s purported business practices.The investigation, called Suisse secrets, identified clients of the Swiss bank who had been involved in torture, drug trafficking, money laundering, corruption and other serious crimes.“Bank privacy laws must not become a pretext to facilitate money laundering and tax evasion. The Suisse secrets findings point to massive shortcomings of Swiss banks when it comes to the prevention of money laundering,” Ferber said. “Apparently, Credit Suisse has a policy of looking the other way instead of asking difficult questions.”He added that the close ties between EU and Swiss banks meant that anti-money-laundering deficiencies in Switzerland’s banking industry “also pose a problem for the European financial sector”.Credit Suisse said it “strongly rejects the allegations and inferences about the bank’s purported business practices”, arguing that the matters uncovered by reporters were largely historical and based on “selective information taken out of context, resulting in tendentious interpretations of the bank’s business conduct”.Its lawyers told the Guardian any past individual failings by the bank did not reflect its current business policies, practices or culture. The bank has since announced it has set up an internal taskforce to investigate the leak. “We have robust data protection and data leakage prevention controls in place to protect our clients,” it said.Switzerland’s government declined to comment on the EPP statement, but said the country meets international standards around exchange of tax information, money laundering, terrorist financing and corruption. The country’s addition to the EU high-risk third countries list would mean regulated professions, such as bankers, lawyers and accountants, would be required to conduct enhanced due diligence on any transaction or commercial relationship with a person or company in the country.Tom Keatinge, the director of the Centre for Financial Crime and Security Studies at the defence thinktank RUSI, said that being added to the EU list could have a significant and far-reaching impact on Switzerland’s banks, as well as its broader financial sector. “There is the potential for considerable collateral damage,” he said.The Credit Suisse data was leaked to Süddeutsche Zeitung by an anonymous source who complained about “immoral” Swiss banking secrecy laws.In Switzerland, politicians and media organisations reacted angrily to the discovery that Swiss investigative journalists had been prevented from participating in the Suisse secrets investigation because of the country’s notorious banking secrecy law.Swiss law has for decades criminalised the disclosure of banking information by financial professionals. However, in recent years it was expanded to cover outsiders receiving banking data, potentially including investigative journalists.Amid international controversy, Andrea Caroni, a Swiss politician who in 2015 advocated expanding article 47, the infamous section of a 1934 banking law that introduced extreme secrecy regulations, on Monday that “maybe the rules are not set perfectly” and suggested he would be open to considering a review.Samira Marti, a national councillor for the Swiss Social Democratic party, said the group to combat article 47’s “censorship” in the spring session of the Swiss parliament, and called on the country’s centrist party, Die Mitte, and the Green Liberal party to support them.The Green Liberals said they would back Marti’s call for action. “Journalism plays an essential role in uncovering illegal practices,” said Julie Cantalou, a co-secretary general of the party. “We are therefore supportive towards the idea to reform article 47, and look forward to working with Samira Marti on this important matter.”Meanwhile, Switzerland’s Green party that it had tabled a legislative proposal for immediate reform of article 47.“The Suisse secrets show once again that Swiss banks continue to do business with dictators, autocrats and criminals,” the party said in a statement. “With a proposal submitted today, the Greens are now campaigning for an immediate revision of the Act.”In what could be the first step towards a formal investigation into the Suisse secrets disclosures, Finma, the Swiss financial regulator, confirmed this morning that it was “in contact” with Credit Suisse concerning the investigation, but refused to be drawn on the details of its conversations with the bank.One Swiss commentator described the timing of the leak as “catastrophic” for Credit Suisse, which last year suffered a series of rolling scandals that battered its share price.Samuel Gerber, the deputy editor of the Swiss financial publication Finews, also that the bank’s latest controversy could jeopardise an international review of Switzerland’s anti-money-laundering measures expected to take place later this year.Referring to past scandals, Daniel Thelesklaf, the former head of Switzerland’s anti-money-laundering body, said Credit Suisse had “already lost a lot of its reputation”.“This can become another crack in the wall,” he said. “Unless Credit Suisse undergoes a massive change of culture, it will lose the trust of its remaining clients soon.” 
20220219_163941_uga_C000818_A000021	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/21/22944234/twitter-untag-threads-leave-this-conversation-feature-testing	UGA	Twitter might be testing an escape hatch for users who don’t want to be part of a thread. On Friday, writer and researcher Jane Manchun Wong of a new “leave this conversation” feature. As described in the screenshot, the feature would untag your username from a Twitter conversation, prevent people from mentioning you in the conversation again, and stop you from receiving notifications about it. (You can still see the thread.) The feature looks different from “mute this conversation,” an existing option that for a thread you’re mentioned in. According to , leaving the conversation will make your Twitter handle appear as plain text in the tweet where you’re mentioned, rather than the hyperlink someone would normally see if they tap your Twitter handle. That could add friction that discourages other users from pulling you into ancillary conversations and signal that you’re not interested in participating. As usual, Twitter declined to confirm whether it’s testing the feature in an email to The Verge. But the company has steadily introduced subtle ways to control how other users engage with your account. That includes tweaks that simplify existing options like , as well as and notifications when an account with lots of followers has retweeted you. This feature would fall on the more dramatic end of the spectrum — but also add an option lots of users might appreciate when tagged in an irritating thread. 
20220221_163257_gbr_C000005_A000001	news.sky.com	https://news.sky.com/story/covid-19-over-75s-and-vulnerable-adults-to-be-offered-fourth-covid-jab-in-spring-12548075	GBR	Vulnerable people and those aged 75 and over will be offered another COVID jab this spring, says Health Secretary Sajid Javid.It comes after a recommendation by the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI). Immunity from vaccination declines over time and many older adults received their most recent vaccine dose in September or October 2021. Image: Immunity from vaccination declines over time These individuals face a much higher risk from severe COVID-19, the JCVI said. Therefore, another booster will be recommended for more than seven million people this spring. Of these, half a million immunosuppressed people are eligible. Those advised to get a fourth jab in spring are:• Adults aged 75 years and over• Residents in a care home for older adults• Individuals aged 12 years and over who are immunosuppressed, as defined in the COVID-19 healthcare guidance Green Book. The JCVI will keep under review whether the booster programme should be extended to further at-risk groups, Mr Javid said.People aged over 18 will be given a 50mcg Moderna or 30mcg Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine, and eligible persons aged between 12 and 17 will be given a 30mcg Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine.The UK already has enough vaccine doses ordered to cover the booster programme.Wider booster programme planned for autumnThe JCVI has provided additional interim advice to ministers ahead of planning for a wider booster programme in autumn, which is likely to include people who are at higher risk of severe COVID-19.No details on this have emerged yet - but the JCVI believes winter is likely to remain the season when the threat of COVID is the greatest.Professor Wei Shen Lim, chair of COVID-19 vaccination on the JCVI, said: Last years booster vaccination programme has so far provided excellent protection against severe COVID-19. Follow the Daily podcast on To maintain high levels of protection for the most vulnerable individuals in the population, an extra spring dose of vaccine is advised ahead of an expected autumn booster programme later this year.The JCVI will continue its rolling review of the vaccination programme and the epidemiological situation, particularly in relation to the timing and value of doses for less vulnerable older adults and those in clinical risk groups ahead of autumn 2022. Many of us can expect an additional COVID vaccine before the year is out Science and technology editor Coming on the same day the Government is expected to lift all remaining COVID-19 restrictions, this announcement on the future of the vaccination programme is significant. It demonstrates how vaccination is about to become our only formal defence against COVID and that even though the vaccine “wall” shows no signs of crumbling steps are being taken now to reinforce it. Why boost now and not wait till the next wave, or the coming winter? As we lift remaining restrictions like self-isolation, it’s uncertain how the epidemic will respond. Without routine testing, it might also be harder to see rapid changes in the spread of the virus. In other words, we’re heading into an uncertain time. We can move forward without too much anxiety because boosters (for most people at third vaccine dose) provide around 90% protection from hospitalisation in the over-75s (by far the most vulnerable age group). However, we know that protection wanes. The latest data shows that after 10 weeks that declines to about 88%. A tiny decrease, but in a vulnerable population, small numbers arithmetically can add up to big numbers statistically. The decision to offer an additional spring booster is precautionary, insists the JCVI, to head off any waning of protection as we enter this more uncertain period. We also learned today that an autumn booster would be offered, quite possibly for a larger proportion of the population, depending on what the data on vaccine protection is telling us as the year goes on. It seems likely that by the end of the year many of us can expect to be offered an additional COVID-19 vaccine. That assumes of course, that the virus, and the way it spreads, stays the same. If recent history has taught us anything, however, it’s that we shouldn’t really assume anything. Living with COVIDThe announcement comes as Boris Johnson is expected to outline how England will live with the virus, as he considers .The prime minister will make a statement in the Commons at 4.30pm after meeting with his cabinet to discuss the plans. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player 2:14 PM criticised over COVID plans On Saturday, Downing Street had confirmed that positive cases and their close contacts will by the end of this week.The provision of free lateral flow tests could also end, following reports people would have to pay for them. Image: The Great Debate is on Monday at 9pm 
20220221_163257_gbr_C000005_A000015	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2022/feb/21/rouble-recovers-hopes-biden-putin-talks-flash-pmi-surveys-focus-business-live	GBR	UK business activity strongest since June, led by travel, leisure and entertainmentThe UK economy bounced back in February, with business activity the strongest since last June, led by a recovery in consumer spending on travel, leisure and entertainment, the latest snapshot from IHS Markit shows. It said services firms benefited from a loosening of pandemic measures.Its composite PMI index, which comprises manufacturing and services activity, jumped to 60.2 from 54.2 in January, marking an eight-month high.The closely watched survey also showed high inflation persisted in February, as higher wages, energy bills and raw material costs all contributed to firms’ rising operating expenses. Markit said:The overall rate of input cost inflation was the steepest since last November and the second-highest since the index began in January 1998. This resulted in another sharp increase in average prices charged by private sector firms, although the latest rise was softer than at the start of the year. Flash UK Composite Output Index February: 60.2, 8-month high (January final: 54.2) Flash UK Services Business Activity Index February: 60.8, 8-month high (January final: 54.1) Flash UK Manufacturing Output Index February: 56.7, 7-month high (January final: 54.5) Flash UK Manufacturing PMI February: 57.3, unchanged (January final: 57.3) European stock markets are a sea of red, amid rising tensions on the border between Ukraine and Russia. They started the day trading higher on hopes of a France-brokered summit between the Russian and US presidents, but a few hours later a spokesman for Vladimir Putin said there were no immediate plans for such a meeting. The UK’s FTSE 100 index has slipped 0.3% to 7,490 while Germany’s Dax and France’s CAC have lost more than 2%.UK and Dutch gas prices are rising again, reversing earlier declines, amid disruption from the storms (high winds have stoped liquefied natural gas cargoes from docking) and fears that Russian aggression in Ukraine will lead to further supply disruption. The British gas contract for immediate delivery gained nearly 4% to 180p per therm, while the Dutch contract for March increased by 3.5% to €74.70 per megawatt hour.Oil prices have see-sawed. Brent crude is now up 1.25% at $94.71 a barrel while US light crude has gained 1% to $92 a barrel.Here are our main stories:Thank you for reading. We’ll be back tomorrow. Stay safe – JKThe British firm Synairgen has suffered a massive blow: its main product, an inhaled drug that was tested in hospitalised patients hospitalised with Covid-19, did not show any meaningful change compared to a placebo in late-stage trials. Shares in the company, a University of Southampton spinout, plummeted 84% to 26p today. and the chief executive, Richard Marsden, said:While we are disappointed by the overall outcome, SNG001 has been administered to hospitalised patients on top of standard of care which changed substantially between our Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials. This improvement in patient care may have compromised the potential of SNG001 to show a clinical benefit in respect of the endpoints for this study, which were not met. Despite this we have observed an encouraging trend in prevention of progression to severe disease and death, which we strongly believe merits further investigation in a platform trial. We are now analysing the full dataset to better understand all the findings.The drug can be administered by patients themselves through a hand-held, battery-operated nebuliser.Storm Eunice crushed hopes for a good half-term week for retailers on Britain’s highstreets and shopping malls. The latest figures from retail experts Springboard show footfall dropped by 3.8% across the UK last week, with a 32% drop on Friday, when Storm Eunice battered the country, and a further 12.6% decline on Saturday.The north and southwest, where the storm hit hardest, footfall suffered the most.The week had started well, with an uplift of 18% last Monday. Trips out led to noticeable increases in footfall in central London, regional cities and historic towns across the UK between Monday and Thursday, averaging 16.2%, 10.8% and 10.7% respectively.Diane Wehrle, insights director at Springboard, said:Unsurprisingly, footfall across UK retail destinations last week was majorly affected by the severe storms, which negated the positive impact of the start of the February school half-term break. Storm Eunice landed on Friday and led to significant declines in footfall on both Friday and Saturday. Prior to that Storm Dudley had hit UK shores on Wednesday, but in overall terms this had a more minor impact on footfall. Inevitably high streets felt the greatest effects of the weather, with a slightly stronger result in shopping centres - the vast majority of which offer shelter from the elements - and in retail parks which are easy to access by car.Bundesbank warns of German recession; producer prices soar 25%Despite the February rebound in the PMI survey for Germany, the Bundesbank has warned that the Omicron wave of Covid-19 infections – which means many people are unable to go to work – will cause a sharp decline in the country’s economic output, or GDP, in the January to March quarter – the second quarter of decline. This would put the country back into recession, its second since the pandemic began. However the slump is likely to be short-lived: the Bundesbank expects a strong bounceback in the April to June quarter.It wrote in its monthly report:German economic output is likely to decline again markedly in the first quarter of 2022. This is due to the resurgence of the pandemic caused by the Omicron variant. In contrast to previous waves of the pandemic, the services sector is unlikely to be the only one in which activity is being adversely affected by containment measures and social and physical distancing requirements. In fact, working hours lost due to the pandemic could also be having a distinctly dampening effect on economic output – and in other sectors, too. Nevertheless, positive effects are expected from the industrial sector. Here there are signs of a further easing of supply bottlenecks, and demand for industrial products remains high. In light of very robust demand, GDP is likely to rebound strongly in the second quarter, provided the pandemic subsides and the supply bottlenecks continue to ease.Earlier today, German producer prices in January rose at their fastest rate since records began in 1949. They jumped 25% from the same month last year, due to spiralling energy costs, up 66.7%.Within this, gas went up by a whopping 119% from January 2021. Electricity prices rose by 66.7% and prices of mineral oil products by 32.9%.Stripping out energy, producer prices increased 12%, still a hefty rise.Pipes at the landfall facilities of the ‘Nord Stream 2’ gas pipline in Lubmin, northern Germany. Photograph: Michael Sohn/APReturning to the storms… not only have pilots had a tough time in recent days, but baggage handlers are also struggling to unload luggage from planes, .British Airways said the stormy weather had made opening the luggage hold of aircraft tricky, and that machinery such as scissor lifts, needed to to offload bags, could not be operated in high winds. This has led to delays in passengers getting their bags after landing in the UK. BA apologised for “letting people down”.The high winds mean that many aircraft circle above the airport after failing to land before they try again, causing delays to other planes as well.Storm Eunice forced flight cancellations on Friday while Storm Franklin, raging now, has brought more travel chaos to Britain, including train cancellations. A British Airways passenger plane struggles with the high winds on approach to Heathrow Airport on February 18. Photograph: Leon Neal/Getty ImagesHere is the latest revelation from the , which has revealed the secret owners of Ł80bn held in the Swiss bank.Revealed: king of Jordan used Swiss accounts to hoard massive wealth, by Martin Chulov, our Middle East correspondent.In 2011, as popular revolts reverberated around the Middle East, a monarch in the midst of it all made some banking decisions. Sometime that year, as neighbouring Egypt and Syria withered in the face of momentous civil protests, King Abdullah II of Jordan opened two new accounts with , the Swiss bank that had discreetly served the region’s well-heeled for decades.Abdullah, one of the world’s longest-serving current monarchs, had chosen a banker that shared his approach to secrecy, particularly surrounding his personal wealth. Over the next five years, the king was the beneficial owner of at least six accounts with Credit Suisse, while his wife, Queen Rania, had another.According to a massive trove of data leaked from the bank that names both royals as account holders, one account would later be worth a remarkable 230m Swiss francs (Ł180m).And here’s an explainer: What is the Suisse secrets leak and why are we publishing it?As Storm Franklin sweeps across Britain – the third storm to batter the country in a week – wind power drove more than two-fifths of all electricity generated over the past day. , wind power accounted for 41.4% of electricity generation in the last 24 hours, and renewable energy as a whole (including solar and hydroelectric) accounted for 45% of the mix. At the moment, wind is powering 34.8% of all electricity generated.It’s not quite enough to break the record set over Christmas. , when Storm Bella brought powerful winds to many parts of the UK.Storm Franklin brings gale force winds to Porthcawl lighthouse in Wales. Photograph: Rebecca Naden/ReutersEuropean’s main stock markets have all turned negative apart from the FTSE 100 index in London, which is flat at 7,515. Germany’s Dax down 0.1% at 15,026 France’s CAC down 0.57% at 6,890 Italy’s FTSE MiB down 0.8% at 26,285 JPMorgan economist Allan Monks has also looked at the UK PMI data:The employment reading also moved up by just under a point to 57.5, an indication that the recent slowing in job growth in the official data is temporary. In a signal of expectations for a broader and lasting improvement from the latest Covid wave, the year ahead future expectations reading rose to its highest since last August. The input price reading rose, while output prices fell modestly, owing to the manufacturing sector. In a sign of a further improvement in supply chains, the delivery times reading indicated another shortening in wait times and has now recovered half of its pandemic-related deterioration. While growth is not the Bank of England’s main focus at the moment, the surge in the PMI in February indicates strong momentum in growth ahead of a set of headwinds that are due to intensify from April. To the extent this momentum limits damage to the labour market, we believe that it will further encourage the BoE to continue normalizing rates in the coming months.Gabriella Dickens, senior UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said she was revising up her forecast for UK GDP growth in the first quarter to 0.6%, and added that the Bank of England will “almost certainly” raise interest rates again at next month’s meeting.The sharp rise in the composite PMI in February, to its highest level since June, suggests that the U.K. economy is rebounding from Omicron at a fair clip. The PMI was well above its average level in the second half of 2021—56.3—when GDP rose by 1.0% in both Q3 and Q4. The rise in the composite PMI largely reflected a jump in the services PMI to an eight-month high. In addition, the manufacturing sector—which was largely unscathed by Omicron—benefited from a further easing of supply chain disruptions; the suppliers’ delivery times index rose to a 15-month high of 31.9, from 30.4. February’s PMIs chime with other timely indicators that suggest activity has picked up in recent weeks. For instance, transport usage data showed that rail passenger numbers in the seven days to February 14 rose to 63% of their level in the same days of 2019, up from 60% a week earlier. All told, then, we are now revising up our forecast for quarter-on-quarter GDP growth in the first quarter to 0.6%, from 0.3% previously. Alas, a large majority of companies surveyed by Markit still are hiking prices; the output price index of the manufacturing sector fell only to 69.1, from 70.9 in January, while the prices charged balance of the services survey fell merely to 63.2, from 63.9. The combination of reviving economic activity and widespread price increases suggests that the MPC almost certainly will raise Bank Rate to 0.75% at next month’s meeting.Chris Williamson, chief business economist at Markit, said another interest rate hike from the Bank of England is on the cards, as soon as March.With the PMI’s gauge of output growth accelerating markedly in February and cost pressures intensifying to the second-highest on record, the odds of an increasingly aggressive policy tightening have shortened, with a third back-to-back rate rise looking increasingly inevitable in March. However, the indications of a growing plight for manufacturers will need to be watched, and the service sector’s new business index will need to be monitored for signs of the demand revival losing steam. Given the rising cost of living, higher energy prices and increased uncertainty caused by the escalating crisis in Ukraine, downside risks to the demand outlook have risen.Julian Jessop, an independent economist, tweets:UK business activity strongest since June, led by travel, leisure and entertainmentThe UK economy bounced back in February, with business activity the strongest since last June, led by a recovery in consumer spending on travel, leisure and entertainment, the latest snapshot from IHS Markit shows. It said services firms benefited from a loosening of pandemic measures.Its composite PMI index, which comprises manufacturing and services activity, jumped to 60.2 from 54.2 in January, marking an eight-month high.The closely watched survey also showed high inflation persisted in February, as higher wages, energy bills and raw material costs all contributed to firms’ rising operating expenses. Markit said:The overall rate of input cost inflation was the steepest since last November and the second-highest since the index began in January 1998. This resulted in another sharp increase in average prices charged by private sector firms, although the latest rise was softer than at the start of the year. Flash UK Composite Output Index February: 60.2, 8-month high (January final: 54.2) Flash UK Services Business Activity Index February: 60.8, 8-month high (January final: 54.1) Flash UK Manufacturing Output Index February: 56.7, 7-month high (January final: 54.5) Flash UK Manufacturing PMI February: 57.3, unchanged (January final: 57.3) UK takeover spree continues with move on Clipper and higher bid for MenziesThe UK takeover spree continues with a move on Clipper Logistics, a Leeds-based warehousing company, and a higher bid for the Scottish aviation services company John Menzies from its Kuwaiti suitor.Russ Mould, investment director at the investment firm AJ Bell, said:The fight for UK assets by foreign companies continues apace with two targets in the services sector looking as if they will be the next ones gobbled up. Clipper Logistics is in the sights of US firm GXO and Kuwait group NAS has just increased its offer again for aviation services group John Menzies. Both takeovers may sense strategically as they would complement the predators’ existing expertise and increase their scale in important markets. The UK stock market may have a reputation being full of old economy companies and generally lacking the supercharged levels of growth seen in US tech space. However, what’s underappreciated is the plethora of small and medium-sized business which have carved out a niche and become important players.Clipper, a warehousing company that counts among its customers, has agreed a possible takeover deal worth up to Ł940m with a New York rival, in the latest sign of the boom in online delivery, reports my colleague Jasper Jolly.The board of Clipper unanimously recommended the possible takeover offer by New York-listed GXO Logistics of 690p a share plus shares in the Connecticut-based company worth up to 230p for each Clipper share.Clipper’s shares jumped by 14% on Monday morning to 887p, near their record high of 910p.European stock markets are still trading higher, with the exception of Italy, which is down 0.46%, although the UK’s FTSE 100 index has given up some of its gains. It is now 30 points higher at 7,544, a 0.4% gain, while Germany’s Dax is 0.27% ahead and France’s CAC is flat. The Russian rouble is now trading at 77.13 against the dollar, up 0.2%, after a 1% gain earlier.Moscow has dampened expectations for a summit between Vladimir Putin and Joe Biden.Putin’s spokesman Dmitri Peskov said it’s “premature” to talk about specific plans for a summit between the Russian president and his American counterpart.Peskov said Putin and Biden could meet if they consider it necessary, but emphasised that “it’s premature to talk about specific plans for a summit” and no concrete plans were in place.You can read more on our Ukraine crisis live blog here:Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit said: The eurozone economy regained momentum in February as an easing of virus-fighting restrictions led to renewed demand for many consumer services, such as travel, tourism and recreation, and helped alleviate supply bottlenecks. Business optimism in the outlook has likewise improved as companies look to the further reopening of the economy, encouraging increased hiring. However, although easing, supply constraints remain widespread and continue to cause rising backlogs of work. As such, demand has again outstripped supply, handing pricing power to producers and service providers. At the same time, soaring energy costs and rising wages have added to inflationary pressures, resulting in the largest rise in selling prices yet recorded in a quarter of a century of survey data history.Prices rise at record rate as eurozone growth reboundsEconomic growth picked up sharply this month across the eurozone, as Covid-19 restrictions were eased, according to the flash PMI survey from IHS Markit, which captures activity in the currency bloc’s private sector.Future expectations, new orders and jobs growth also improved. Growth picked up especially in the service sector, though manufacturers also reported better production gains as a result of rising demand and fewer supply bottlenecks. However, while an easing of supply delays helped to reduce raw material input cost inflation, persistent cost pressures caused by rising wages and energy bills led to the sharpest rise in average prices charged for goods and services in the survey’s history. Price rises in the service sector hit a record high while those in manufacturing rose at a near-record rate.By country, the biggest bounceback was in France, where growth reached the highest since last June, though growth in Germany also picked up to the fastest since last August. Flash Eurozone PMI Composite Output Index at 55.8 (52.3 in January). 5-month high Flash Eurozone Services PMI Activity Index at 55.8 (51.1 in January). 3-month high Flash Eurozone Manufacturing PMI Output Index at 55.6 (55.4 in January). 5-month high Flash Eurozone Manufacturing PMI at 58.4 (58.7 in January). 2-month low 
20220221_163257_nam_C000006_A000026	tvline.com	https://tvline.com/2022/02/21/sweet-magnolias-season-2-dana-sue-ronnie-relationship-explained/	NAM	Following a season-long game of emotional Ping-Pong, ‘ Dana Sue has made several difficult decisions about her romantic future — and actress couldn’t be more supportive of her character’s choices. Her first hurdle in Season 2 was choosing between hot farmer Jeremy and hot estranged-husband Ronnie, both of whom presented many pluses and minuses and abs. “Jeremy is such a gift to Dana Sue,” Elliott tells TVLine. “He allows her to feel beautiful again. She gets to feel desired and wanted — that someone craves her and is interested in her, and that’s no small thing in life. He gives her a lot, and he comes with such innocence. To me, that is a huge gift.” That said, Dana Sue ultimately realized that a future with Jeremy wasn’t meant to be. Instead, she decided to go all-in with Ronnie, inviting him back into her home, her bed and her heart. “To me, their souls just align,” Elliott says of the reunited couple. “They’re just matched, and I don’t know how you don’t root for two souls that are so meant to be.” And that appreciation extends off-camera for Elliott, who “cannot say enough good things” about as a scene partner. “When we do those scenes together, he’s 100-percent in as much as I am,” she says. “We took great care with their storyline this season. It’s really complex and intricate, and it’s really relatable. We wanted to hit every beat of this relationship — the questions, the battles and everything they had to figure out about themselves. Partners are such gifts in telling us who we are and what we want. I could go on and on about Brandon Quinn. I think he’s just magnificent, and I love the scenes we get to do together.” But this long-awaited reconciliation doesn’t guarantee that the couple’s future will be all sunshine and rainbows. Some fans are even speculating that the woman who slashed Dana Sue’s tires in the second season finale could be the one with whom Ronnie was unfaithful. All showrunner Sheryl J. Anderson will say about the is that she “has a past in common with our ladies and some other folks in town. She’s been away for a while, but she has come back with an agenda. She has come home to settle some scores.” “I was alarmed and excited,” Elliott adds of the unnamed woman. “Hopefully we’ll be given a third season and we can figure out who she is. I’m just as curious as everybody else.” Your thoughts on Dana Sue’s romantic journey in Season 2 (and hopefully beyond)? Drop ’em in a comment below. 
20220221_163257_can_C000007_A000010	ottawa.ctvnews.ca	https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/man-charged-with-manslaughter-after-woman-struck-and-killed-by-a-vehicle-in-renfrew-country-opp-says-1.5789357	CAN	Ontario Provincial Police says a 27-year-old man is facing a charge of manslaughter after a Petawawa, Ont. woman was struck and killed by a vehicle in Renfrew County this weekend. Officers responded to a reported death at Renfrew Victoria Hospital in Renfrew just before 12 a.m. Saturday. Police say the investigation determined that the victim was struck while outside a vehicle on Hwy. 17 in Horton Township. The victim has been identified as Jordana Yakabuskie, 29, of Petawawa. Cole Allard, 27, of Petawawa faces charges of manslaughter and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death. Allard will appear in court on Feb. 22. Highway 17 was closed for most of the day while police investigated. The Renfrew County OPP Crime Unit continues to investigate. 
20220221_163257_nga_C000008_A000001	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/ndlea-case-court-shuns-abba-kyaris-plea-for-bail/	NGA	Published 21 February 2022 Justice Inyang Ekwo of a Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday refused to order the Federal Government to release the detained Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari, from the custody of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency. Rather, the judge ordered that the embattled cop put the Federal Government on notice of the existence of the suit he instituted against it. The suspended DCP had dragged the Federal Government before the court challenging his continued detention by the NDLEA. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/182/22, Kyari sought an order of court to immediately release him and in the alternative, to admit him to bail in liberal conditions. The suspended DCP is being held by the NDLEA over his alleged involvement in drug trafficking. In an ex-parte application argued by his counsel, Cynthia Ikena, Kyari claimed to be suffering from chronic diabetes threatening his life and therefore needs urgent medical attention. Justice Ekwo, in his brief ruling, declined to order his immediate release but ordered him to put the respondent on notice. The judge ordered him to go and serve all processes he filed on the Federal Government. Justice Ekwo held that all the averments and allegations made against the government are so weighty that the court must give the government the opportunity to hear from it before taking any step. He thereafter fixed February 24 for the parties to appear before him. Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: 
20220221_163257_usa_C000009_A000008	www.foxnews.com	https://www.foxnews.com/us/california-dog-reunited-family-missing-12-years	USA	Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out whats clicking on Foxnews.com.NEWYou can now listen to Fox News articles! A dog was reunited with her family this month after being missing for 12 years, according to authorities. The canine, , 13, had been dropped off on a rural property outside Stockton when she was found by someone who called the authorities on Feb. 10, saying she appeared old and unwell, the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office wrote on Facebook.Animal Service Officer Brandon Levin retrieved the dog, scanned her microchip, and determined that she had been reported missing in 2010 from Lafayette, California, about 60 miles away from where she was found, according to the sheriffs office. Zoey was reunited with her family this month in California after going missing in the state in 2010. (San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office)Honestly I am still in shock, said Zoeys owner, Michelle.Zoey had been missing for so long that in 2015 the company that manufactures her microchip listed her as deceased in their records, the sheriffs office said. We got her at the pound when she was 6 months old with her twin sister ... they were with us for about six months, and then we went to the store for about 20 minutes and came back, and she was missing, Michelle said of the canine.But the owners still had the same phone number, despite now living in Benecia, authorities said. The sheriffs office was able to connect with them and a reunion was set up in Rio Vista.On Friday afternoon, the sheriffs office of Michelle and Zoey officially being reunited. Zoey is seen being reunited with its owner this month. (San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office)I definitely didnt expect this to ever happen, so Im really excited, said Michelle. Its unclear what day this month the reunion took place. 
20220221_163257_usa_C000009_A000033	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/21/health/eating-disorders-men-boys-wellness/index.html	USA	And when he started speaking about his experience publicly, one audience member -- also a doctor -- stood to say Sheldon had been misdiagnosed because he was neither extremely large nor thin, he said. Sheldon, 34, who is chair of the ambassador program at the National Eating Disorders Association, has wrestled with problems related to body image since he was 8 years old. When those problems developed into a concrete eating disorder, he had trouble identifying it and getting help in part because of the stereotype that eating disorders only happen in teenage girls.Its a belief that is harmful and untrue, as around 1 in 3 eating disorders will affect men or boys, said Stuart Murray, and director of the Translational Research in Eating Disorders Laboratory. In the United States alone, 10 million males will be affected by eating disorders at some point in life, according to the .As the organization starts its awareness campaign Monday for National Eating Disorder Week, experts share how eating disorders impact men and boys and why they are often left out of the picture. What an eating disorder looks likeWhen thinking about someone with an eating disorder, many people think of a girl or woman who restricts food, exercises obsessively, or secretively binges and purges. Men can experience eating disorders in that way, said Dr. Blake Woodside, medical director emeritus for the program for eating disorders at Toronto General Hospital and a professor in the department of psychiatry at the University of Toronto. But men also feel pressure to conform to a few masculine body types that society deems acceptable, such as the muscular superhero and the lanky computer geek, Woodside said. Some of those ideals encourage men to limit their calorie count, but others do the opposite and encourage excessive workouts, overloading protein and heavily restricting nutrients like fats and carbs, Murray said. When does an interest in maintaining a certain physique become an eating disorder? It happens when your behavior and interactions start to be ruled by the restrictions you are putting into place for your ideal body, Murray said. What should be the yardstick is: Does it impact peoples ability to have a normal and a functioning life? he said.Why they are hard to treatIf men are so impacted by eating disorders, why arent we hearing about it? Stigma and exclusion.Although anorexia nervosa was first identified in both boys and girls in the 19th century, Murray said boys were excluded from the research and the diagnostic criteria.Until recently, changes in breasts and loss of menstruation were key to diagnosing eating disorders, Murray said. Although the criteria have changed since then, men and boys are still excluded from most research into eating disorders, he added.That exclusion can often lead to stigma, with men and boys -- as well as those around them -- not recognizing their behavior or hesitating to get help because they believe it threatens their masculinity to say they may have a disorder disease pigeonholed to women. To make matters worse, disordered eating behavior in men is often championed in the world of social media, Murray said. Celebrities and influencers post their excessive workouts, along with shots of their bodies and cheat day meals, which are meant to trick their bodies out of going into starvation mode so they dont burn muscle, he added. Without looking at the context of gender, almost every doctor would classify that kind of behavior as bulimia. In men, we see it as a sort of prosocial way of becoming more muscular, Murray said. What we can doMany families and family doctors still arent familiar with the signs of eating disorders in boys and men, Murray said, so the first place to start is knowing what to look for.Teen boys are human locusts, who often demolish every bite of food in their path, Woodside said. If you notice someone you care about abruptly changing how much or how publicly they eat, they deserve attention, he said. If the men or boys in your life are making big changes to the activities and relationships in their lives, it might be time to take a closer look, Woodside added.From there, there is good news and bad news.The bad news? The eating disorder field has to treat boys and men based on treatment studies that included only females. We have to make this big inference that we are on the mark, Murray said.But the good news is that men and boys often do well when they go through treatment for their eating disorders, Woodside said.At one point, Sheldon had lost his job, his money and his relationships to his eating disorder. It took years of specialized treatment and the help of support groups to get his body and his life back on track.Now, he says the best way to help men and boys like him get into treatment is to share the often hidden truth: They are not alone. 
20220221_173939_can_C000014_A000007	www.cbc.ca	https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/vax-pass-keep-1.6357353	CAN	With only weeks left to go, some businesses in Quebec say theyre not done with the provinces vaccination passport, despite the governments recent decision to no longer require it for most public spaces.The Quebec government announced last week that the vaccine passport would no longer be needed to enter restaurants, gyms, and cinemas, as of March 14.But some of those businesses say they plan to keep the passport for the foreseeable future, despite the governments decision and ongoing pressure from the public.Were not a young peoples restaurant. Its a restaurant for people of a certain age, said Eric Luksenberg, the owner of the Chez Eric restaurant in Brossard, on Montreals South Shore.I made that decision to stay safe … for the security of my employees, my customers, and myself.Hes not alone. Alan Gauthier, who owns the Athletica Lac Brome gym in Knowlton, is also planning to keep the vaccination passport past March 14.I have people who are immunocompromised, and I have to protect them, he told CBC News.Theres not much of a decision to make as far as Im concerned.Negative reviews and bad businessBoth Gauthier and Luksenberg said they dont understand why the government is choosing to lift restrictions now, when the pandemic is still ongoing. Gauthier said he couldnt profess to be in the business of health while lifting a measure that he believes is keeping his clients safe.He pointed to what happened last year at the Mega Fitness Gym 24H in Quebec City, where public health officials linked the gym to more than 500 COVID-19 cases after public health measures werent followed. One gym member, a 40-year-old man, later died in hospital.You have to live with yourself at the end of the day, he said.Gym owner Alan Gauthier said hes planning to keep using the vaccine passport at his gym, even after the government removes the requirement on March 14. (Submitted by Alain Gauthier)Their decisions havent been without consequences. Gauthier said his stance is likely going to cost him and his business financially.Its also affecting their reputations. Since Luksenberg announced he would not be lifting the vaccine passport, Chez Eric has been bombarded with one-star reviews on Google, with some accusing the owner of discrimination. Luksenberg isnt bothered by it.These are people who Ive never seen, who never came to my place, saying theyre going to boycott me, he said.Both said that as private establishments, they can choose to refuse service and dont plan to change their minds.I respect their decision [not to be vaccinated]. Doesnt mean I agree with it, nor do I have to, and nor do I have to let them in, Gauthier said.Eating at Chez Eric isnt an essential service, Luksenberg said. So leave me to my business and go where you like.Jimmy Staveris, left, manager of Dunns Famous restaurant in Montreal, scans the QR code of a client. The vaccine passport was first implemented in the province last fall. (Graham Hughes/The Canadian Press)Not recommended, says governmentIn a statement to CBC, the provinces Health Ministry said the passport will be not required, nor recommended as of March 14.However, it said it will be up to owners to ensure that access to their businesses complies with applicable laws, notably the provincial and federal charters of rights.Pearl Eliadis, a constitutional rights lawyer and adjunct professor at McGill University, said she didnt think using the vaccine passport after March 14 would be problematic for businesses.She said that vaccination status is not protected under Quebecs charter, and that she is curious about what type of discrimination [the government is] referring to exactly.Julius Grey, a constitutional lawyer based in Montreal, said he wasnt sure requiring the vaccine passport would be more discriminatory than imposing a dress code in a restaurant, for example.Even so, Gauthier, the gym owner, said he understands why some places may still hesitate to ask for the passport, even if they want to — businesses arent necessarily brave, he said.Luksenberg agreed, saying places that serve a wider population may struggle to justify keeping the passport if it means alienating potential customers.Everyone will do what they want to do and what they think is good for them. And there is no problem with that, I wont criticize anyone, he said.To each their own decision, and to each to live with that. 
20220221_173939_can_C000014_A000011	www.ctvnews.ca	https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/putin-mulls-recognizing-separatist-eastern-ukrainian-regions-1.5789456	CAN	MOSCOW - A long-feared Russian invasion of Ukraine appeared to be imminent Monday, if not already underway, with Russian President Vladimir Putin ordering forces into separatist regions of eastern Ukraine. A vaguely worded decree signed by Putin did not say if troops were on the move, and it cast the order as an effort to maintain peace. But it appeared to dash the slim remaining hopes of averting a major conflict in Europe that could cause massive casualties, energy shortages on the continent and economic chaos around the globe. Putins directive came hours after he recognized the separatist regions in a rambling, fact-bending discourse on European history. The move paved the way to provide them military support, antagonizing Western leaders who regard it as a breach of world order, and set off a frenzied scramble by the U.S. and others to respond. Underscoring the urgency, the UN Security Council held a rare nighttime emergency meeting on Monday at the request of Ukraine, the U.S. and other countries. Undersecretary-General Rosemary DiCarlo opened the session with a warning that the risk of major conflict is real and needs to be prevented at all costs. Ukraines president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, sought to project calm, telling the country: We are not afraid of anyone or anything. We dont owe anyone anything. And we wont give anything to anyone. His foreign minister, Dmytro Kuleba, would be in Washington on Tuesday to meet with Secretary of State Antony Blinken, the State Department said. The White House issued an executive order to prohibit U.S. investment and trade in the separatist regions, and additional measures -- likely sanctions -- were to be announced Tuesday. Those sanctions are independent of what Washington has prepared in the event of a Russian invasion, according to a senior administration official who briefed reporters on the condition of anonymity. The State Department, meanwhile, said U.S. personnel in Lviv -- in Ukraines far west -- would spend the night in Poland but return to Ukraine to continue their diplomatic work and emergency consular services. It again urged any American citizens in Ukraine to leave immediately. The developments came during a spike in skirmishes in the eastern regions that Western powers believe Russia could use as a pretext for an attack on the Western-looking democracy that has defied Moscows attempts to pull it back into its orbit. Putin justified his decision in a far-reaching, pre-recorded speech blaming NATO for the current crisis and calling the U.S.-led alliance an existential threat to Russia. Sweeping through more than a century of history, he painted todays Ukraine as a modern construct that is inextricably linked to Russia. He charged that Ukraine had inherited Russias historic lands and after the Soviet collapse was used by the West to contain Russia. I consider it necessary to take a long-overdue decision: To immediately recognize the independence and sovereignty of Donetsk Peoples Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic, Putin said. Afterward he signed matching decrees recognizing the two regions independence, eight years after fighting erupted between Russia-backed separatists and Ukrainian forces, and called on lawmakers to approve measures paving the way for military support. Until now, Ukraine and the West have accused Russia of supporting the separatists with arms and troops, but Moscow has denied that, saying that Russians who fought there were volunteers. At an earlier meeting of Putins Security Council, a stream of top officials argued for recognizing the regions independence. One slipped up and said he favoured including them as part of Russia -- but Putin quickly corrected him. Recognizing the separatist regions independence is likely to be popular in Russia, where many share Putins worldview. Russian state media released images of people in Donetsk setting off fireworks, waving large Russian flags and playing Russias national anthem. Ukrainians in Kyiv, meanwhile, bristled at the move. Why should Russia recognize (the rebel-held regions)? If neighbours come to you and say, `This room will be ours, would you care about their opinion or not? Its your flat, and it will be always your flat, said Maria Levchyshchyna, a 48-year-old painter in the Ukrainian capital. Let them recognize whatever they want. But in my view, it can also provoke a war, because normal people will fight for their country. With an estimated 150,000 Russian troops massed on three sides of Ukraine, the U.S. has warned that Moscow has already decided to invade. Still, President Joe Biden and Putin tentatively agreed to a meeting brokered by French President Emmanuel Macron in a last-ditch effort to avoid war. If Russia moves in, the meeting will be off, but the prospect of a face-to-face summit resuscitated hopes in diplomacy to prevent a conflict that could devastate Ukraine and cause huge economic damage across Europe, which is heavily dependent on Russian energy. Russia says it wants Western guarantees that NATO wont allow Ukraine and other former Soviet countries to join as members -- and Putin said Monday that a simple moratorium on Ukraines accession wouldnt be enough. Moscow has also demanded the alliance halt weapons deployments to Ukraine and roll back its forces from Eastern Europe -- demands flatly rejected by the West. Macrons office said Biden and Putin had accepted the principle of such a summit, to be followed by a broader meeting that would include other relevant stakeholders to discuss security and strategic stability in Europe. U.S. national security adviser Jake Sullivan, meanwhile, said the administration has always been ready to talk to avert a war -- but was also prepared to respond to any attack. During Monday nights emergency meeting, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Linda Thomas-Greenfield, said Putin has put before the world a choice and it must not look away because history tells us that looking the other way in the face of such hostility will be a far more costly path. Chinas UN Ambassador Zhang Jun called for restraint and a diplomatic solution to the crisis. Putins announcement shattered a 2015 peace deal signed in Minsk requiring Ukraine to offer broad self-rule to the rebel regions, a major diplomatic coup for Moscow. That deal was resented by many in Ukraine who saw it as a capitulation, a blow to the countrys integrity and a betrayal of national interests. Putin and other officials argued Monday that the Ukrainian government has shown no appetite for implementing it. Over 14,000 people have been killed since conflict erupted in the eastern industrial heartland of Donbas in 2014, shortly after Moscow annexed Ukraines Crimean Peninsula. Potential flashpoints multiplied. Sustained shelling continued Monday along the tense line of contact separating the opposing forces. Unusually, Russia said it had fended off an incursion from Ukraine -- which Ukrainian officials denied. And Russia decided to prolong military drills in Belarus, which could offer a staging ground for an attack on the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv. Ukraine and the separatist rebels have traded blame for cease-fire violations with hundreds of explosions recorded daily. While separatists have charged that Ukrainian forces were firing on residential areas, Associated Press journalists reporting from several towns and villages in Ukrainian-held territory along the line of contact have not witnessed any notable escalation from the Ukrainian side and have documented signs of intensified shelling by the separatists that destroyed homes and ripped up roads. Some residents of the main rebel-held city of Donetsk described sporadic shelling by Ukrainian forces, but they added that it wasnt on the same scale as earlier in the conflict. The separatist authorities said Monday that at least four civilians were killed by Ukrainian shelling over the past 24 hours, and several others were wounded. Ukraines military said two Ukrainian soldiers were killed over the weekend, and another serviceman was wounded Monday. Ukrainian military spokesman Pavlo Kovalchyuk insisted that Ukrainian forces werent returning fire. In the village of Novognativka on the Ukraine government-controlled side, 60-year-old Ekaterina Evseeva said the shelling was worse than at the height of fighting early in the conflict. We are on the edge of nervous breakdowns, she said, her voice trembling. And there is nowhere to run. In another worrying sign, the Russian military said it killed five suspected saboteurs who crossed from Ukraine into Russias Rostov region and also destroyed two armored vehicles and took a Ukrainian serviceman prisoner. Ukrainian Border Guard spokesman Andriy Demchenko dismissed the claim as disinformation. With fears of invasion high, the U.S. administration sent a letter to the United Nations human rights chief claiming that Moscow has compiled a list of Ukrainians to be killed or sent to detention camps after the invasion. The letter, first reported by The New York Times, was obtained by the AP. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the claim was a lie and no such list exists. ------ Karmanau reported from Kyiv, Ukraine, and Cook from Brussels. Lori Hinnant in Kyiv; Angela Charlton in Paris; Zeke Miller and Aamer Madhani in Munich, Germany; Geir Moulson in Berlin; Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations and Eric Tucker, Ellen Knickmeyer, Robert Burns, Matthew Lee and Darlene Superville in Washington contributed to this report. 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000016_A000018	www.businessinsider.com	https://www.businessinsider.com/cargo-cruising-industry-too-small-to-survive-the-pandemic-2022-2	ZWE	Sailing aboard a cargo ship has been a niche but popular form of slow travel. But the industry crashed as shipping firms took precautions against COVID-19. Specialty travel agencies report growing waitlists of people eager to cruise on a freighter. Loading Something is loading. Cruise lines are continuing to experience a steady post-COVID-19 recovery, with some companies reporting and others boasting .But while monthslong cruises have performed well throughout 2021, one of the slowest forms of cruising has continued to struggle — Booking a room aboard a commercial freight vessel for a multi-week voyage may not be most peoples ideal way to travel, but for those like Hamish Jamieson, founder of New Zealand-based , theres nothing else quite like it.Its got a unique smell of pitch, sea salt, food, and stale bodies. It gets in your blood, he told Insider. Its a wee bit like going to your favorite cabin in the middle of autumn. Freighter cruises. Crossing oceans by freighter isnt just Jamiesons passion, its his business, too. Jamieson is one of a handful of travel agents around the world who specialize in booking passage aboard freighters, a specialty proving increasingly fraught as the business struggles. Before the pandemic, cargo ships carried nearly 4,000 private passengers per year in officers cabins, offering a spartan but spacious alternative to conventional cruise liners. But that came to an abrupt end in January 2020 when early reports of the novel coronavirus started emerging.Shipping companies dont want to take the risk that they get an infection onboard among the crew, Arne Gudde, founder of Berlin-based , told Insider. If that happens, the whole ship may have to be in quarantine.As the pandemic enters its third year and national health authorities continue to offer shifting guidance, its not entirely clear how this much-beloved niche mode of travel will recover. With bookings unlikely to return until 2023, the few experts who can navigate the international red tape are at risk of going out of business without alternative income streams. Freighter cruises. Jamieson said the only trip he has available is a hell of a voyage from Rotterdam to Reykjavik, but who wants to go to Reykjavik this time of year?But for the major carriers, the revenue lost from not carrying passengers is hardly a drop in the bucket.The entire revenue of freighter travel cruising for the whole world is probably less than €5 million a year, and most shipping companies are making €30 million a day, Jameison said.For mega firms like Maersk, the risk associated with carrying passengers is simply not worth the relatively meager profit. International maritime law only allows 12 passengers on a ship without a medical doctor, though most freighters carry half that. And at a daily rate of around $100 to $150 per passenger, millions of dollars worth of cargo could potentially be delayed due to an arrangement that nets the shipping companies only a few thousand dollars on a three-week voyage. A freighter cruise. Even so, Gudde and Jamieson told Insider their waitlists are long – and getting longer – as more travelers seek a slower-paced way to see the world. The market is getting smaller, theres no doubt about that. But demand is growing, Jamieson said.For Gudde, who says his waitlist is now in the hundreds, maybe thousands, the demand exceeds the number of spots that are expected to open up next year. The exit of major cargo carriers from the cruising space is giving a boost to alternatives that offer a similarly slow, meditative form of travel, such as with smaller regional shipping firms, sailboat owners, train services, and even hiking trails, Gudde said.So until bookings resume, would-be cargo cruisers will have to content themselves with practicing the two most important skills of freighter travel: having patience and being flexible. 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000016_A000031	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/spacex-starlink-satellite-launch-4-8-rocket-landing	ZWE	SpaceX launched nearly four dozen satellites and landed the returning rocket Monday (Feb. 21) on a mission that tied the companys booster-reuse record.A two-stage rocket topped with 46 of SpaceXs broadband spacecraft lifted off from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida at 9:44 a.m. EST (1444 GMT), soaring into a clear, blue sky. About nine minutes after liftoff, the Falcon 9s first stage came back down to Earth for a vertical touchdown on SpaceXs droneship A Shortfall of Gravitas, which was stationed in the Atlantic Ocean a few hundred miles off the Florida coast. It was the 100th Falcon 9 rocket landing for and the companys 107th landing overall, including touchdowns by Falcon Heavy boosters. (The company back in December.)Great news overall, we are now awaiting the deployment of our 46 Starlink satellites which is scheduled to occur about an hour from now, SpaceX production manager Jessie Anderson said during live commentary after the launch. SpaceX ended its live webcast before satellite deployment due the lack of ground station video links with the satellites, Anderson added.Related:Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 46 Starlink internet satellites to orbit on the Starlink 4-8 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying 46 Starlink internet satellites stands atop SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base in Florida for a launch on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 4Mondays flight was the 11th launch and landing of this particular Falcon 9 first stage, Anderson said. That tied SpaceXs reuse record, which was set by a different Falcon 9 booster . The Falcon 9 first stage on this flight, called Starlink 4-8, previously launched SpaceXs Crew Demo-2 flight (the companys first astronaut flight for NASA in 2020), as well as the Anasis-II satellite mission for South Korea, CRS-21 space station cargo mission for NASA, Transporter-1 and Transporter-3 rideshare missions and five different Starlink missions, SpaceX has said. The two halves of the rockets nose cone, or payload fairing, also made return trips to space on the flight, each flying on their third mission, Anderson said. Improvements on the fairings and our overall refurbishment process has decreased the impact of water landings handled to an overall fairing recovery rate of 93% over the last 14 missions, she added.Image 1 of 2A SpaceX Falcon 9 first-stage booster is seen on the droneship A Shortfall Of Gravitas in the Atlantic Ocean after a successful landing following its launch of SpaceXs Starlink 4-8 satellites from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, Florida on Feb. 21, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 2A SpaceX Falcon 9 first-stage booster (left) approaches the droneship landing platform A Shortfall Of Gravitas to make its 11th landing on Feb. 21, 2022. At right: The missions upper stage rocket continues to orbit with 46 Starlink internet satellites aboard. (Image credit: SpaceX)Image 1 of 2SpaceX had already launched three big Starlink batches this year — two in January and one on Feb. 3. The Feb. 3 mission ran into serious trouble, however, thanks to a solar eruption, which triggered a geomagnetic storm here on Earth. That storm increased atmospheric density, boosting drag on the newly launched Starlink satellites. As a result, up to 40 of the 49 spacecraft , SpaceX representatives said.SpaceX is apparently targeting a higher orbit in which to release its new Starlink satellites on todays flight,, which reduced the number of satellties from 49 to 46. They will be deployed in a near-circular target orbit that will range between 202 miles and 209 miles (325-337 kilometers) at its highest and lowest points, Spaceflight Now reported.The lowest altitude for the satellites lost in the solar storm was about 130 miles (210 km), SpaceX has said. The company intentionally deploys its large batches of Starlink satellites into low orbits so that they can fall back to Earth and burn up in the atmosphere to avoid creating space debris if they suffer a malfunction in orbit.SpaceX has already launched about 2,100 Starlink satellites to orbit, with more than 200 falling from orbit from failures or decommissioning,. But the company is far from done. SpaceX has approval to launch 12,000 Starlink craft and has applied for permission from an international regulator for up to 30,000 more.The companys Starlink internet satellite project aims to provide high-speed internet access to customers anywhere on Earth, especially in underserved or extremely remote areas of the planet where internet service is difficult to obtain.Mondays launch was originally scheduled for Sunday (Feb. 20), but SpaceX pushed it back a day due to bad weather for rocket recovery operations.The successful launch and landing marked SpaceXs seventh space mission of 2022 and the fourth dedicated to Starlink launches. It was the companys 38th Starlink mission and 145th launch overall, Anderson said. Editors note: This story was updated at 10:32 a.m. EST to report the successful launch of SpaceXs Starlink 4-8 mission. It was also corrected to note that the mission carried 46 Starlink satellites into orbit, not 49.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000016_A000032	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-10535265/ESAs-Solar-Orbiter-captures-huge-eruption-Sun.html	ZWE	A huge eruption from the sun has been caught on camera by the European Space Agencys (ESA) Solar Orbiter probe.It is the largest such eruption ever observed in a single image with the full solar disc in shot, according to ESA.The burst of radiation erupted from the side of the Sun facing away from Earth and extended millions of miles into space.Solar eruptions, or prominences, are large structures of tangled magnetic field lines that keep dense concentrations of solar plasma suspended above the Suns surface, sometimes taking the form of arching loops. They are often associated with coronal mass ejections, which if directed towards Earth, can wreak havoc with our technology. Explosion: A huge eruption from the sun (pictured) has been caught on camera by the Solar Orbiter probe. It is the largest such eruption ever observed in a single image with the full solar disc in shot, the European Space Agency said The burst of radiation erupted from the side of the Sun facing away from Earth and extended millions of miles into space Solar eruptions, or prominences, are large structures of tangled magnetic field lines that keep dense concentrations of solar plasma suspended above the Suns surface, sometimes taking the form of arching loops WHAT ARE CORONAL MASS EJECTIONS? Coronal mass ejections (CMEs) are large clouds of plasma and magnetic field that erupt from the sun. These clouds can erupt in any direction, and then continue on in that direction, plowing through solar wind. These clouds only cause impacts to Earth when theyre aimed at Earth. They tend to be much slower than solar flares, as they move a greater amount of matter. CMEs can be triggered when a storm on the surface of the sun causes a whirlwind to form at the base of plasma loops that project from the surface. These loops are called prominences and when they become unstable they can break, releasing the CME into space. The latest eruption took place on February 15 and was caught on camera by the Solar Orbiters Full Sun Imager (FSI) of the Extreme Ultraviolet Imager (EUI). FSI is designed to look at the full solar disc even during close passages of the Sun, such as during the upcoming perihelion passage next month. At closest approach on March 26, which will see the spacecraft pass within about 0.3 times the Sun-Earth distance, the Sun will fill a much larger portion of the telescopes field of view. Right now, there is still a lot of viewing margin around the disc, enabling stunning detail to be captured out to about 2.17 million miles (3.5 million km), equivalent to five times the radius of the Sun.Other space telescopes such as the ESA and NASAs SOHO satellite often see solar activity like this, but are either closer to the Sun, or further out, which blocks out the glare of the Suns disc to enable detailed imagery of the corona itself. That is why the eruption observed by the Solar Orbiter is the largest ever event of its kind to be captured in a single field of view together with the solar disc.Scientists said it opens up new possibilities to see how events like these connect to the solar disc for the first time. Other space missions were also watching the event, including NASAs Parker Solar Probe. Next week, Solar Orbiter and Parker Solar Probe will perform dedicated joint observations during Parkers perihelion passage.Even spacecraft not dedicated to solar science felt its blast.BepiColombo, a joint ESA/JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) mission, which is currently in the vicinity of Mercurys orbit, detected a massive increase in the readings for electrons, protons, and heavy ions with its radiation monitor.ESA said that while this eruption did not send a blast of deadly particles towards Earth, it is an important reminder of the unpredictable nature of the Sun and the importance of understanding and monitoring its behaviour. Scientists hope that with better views of events like these, we can better protect our home planet from the Suns violent outbursts. Other space telescopes such as the ESA and NASAs SOHO satellite often see solar activity like this, but are either closer to the Sun, or further out, which blocks out the glare of the Suns disc to enable detailed imagery of the corona itself. Pictured is a combined wide-view image of Solar Orbiter and SOHOs view of the giant eruption The eruption observed by the Solar Orbiter (pictured left) is the largest ever event of its kind to be captured in a single field of view together with the solar disc. Right is what SOHO saw Solar Orbiter is a European Space Agency mission to explore the Sun and the effect our host star has on the solar systemThe Solar Orbiter launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida in February 2020 is described by ESA as the most complex scientific laboratory ever to have been sent to the Sun.Although our life-giving star has been an object of scientific interest for centuries, its behaviour still presents a puzzle for scientists, ESA explained.Solar Orbiter will take images of the Sun from closer than any spacecraft before and for the first time look at its uncharted polar regions. By combining observations from Solar Orbiter’s six remote-sensing instruments and four sets of in situ instruments, scientists hope to find answers to some profound questions: What drives the Sun’s 11-year cycle of rising and subsiding magnetic activity? What heats up the upper layer of its atmosphere, the corona, to millions of degrees Celsius? What drives the generation of the solar wind? What accelerates the solar wind to speeds of hundreds of kilometres per second? And how does it all affect our planet?ESAS SOLAR ORBITER: THE BRITISH BUILT SPACECRAFT WILL BE THE FIRST TO CAPTURE IMAGES OF THE SUNS POLAR REGIONS Solar Orbiter is a European Space Agency mission with support from NASA to explore the Sun and the effect our host star has on the solar system — including Earth. Solar Orbiter (artists impression) is a European Space Agency mission to explore the sun and its effect on the solar system. Its launch is planned for 2020 from Cape Canaveral in Florida, USAThe satellite launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida in February 2020 and reached its first close approach to the sun in June 2020.It was built in Stevenage, England and is loaded with a carefully selected set of 10 telescopes and direct sensing instruments.Solar Orbiter will fly within 26 million miles (43 million km) of the solar surface to closely inspect our stars poles.Scientists are investigating how the suns violent outer atmosphere, also known as its corona, forms. It was built in Stevenage, England and is loaded with a carefully selected set of 10 telescopes and direct sensing instruments This is the region from which solar wind — storms of charged particles that can disrupt electronics on Earth — are blown out into space.Through Solar Orbiter, researchers hope to unravel what triggers solar storms to help better predict them in future.The Solar Orbiters heat shields are expected to reach temperatures of up to 600C (1,112F) during its closest flybys.It will work closely with Nasas Parker Solar Probe, which launched in August 2018, and is also studying the Suns corona. 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000016_A000038	www.contagionlive.com	https://www.contagionlive.com/view/single-covid-19-mrna-vaccine-dose-significantly-reduces-risk-of-reinfection	ZWE	This article was originally published on .People previously infected with SARS-CoV-2 are at a significantly reduced risk of reinfection—especially those who received a dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech afterward, according to new findings from a retrospective cohort study.In new data presented by a team of investigators in Israel, SARS-CoV-2 reinfection appeared to be “relatively rare” among previously diagnosed patients; the risk was even less among those received a dose of vaccine BNT162b2 (Comirnaty) =3 months after their infection.The findings from what investigators called the largest real-world observational assessment of natural versus vaccinated immunity against SARS-CoV-2 is limited by the glaring fact that it was conducted prior to the spread of the highly transmissible Omicron variant. Nonetheless, they may help to inform policies and practices for vaccinating convalescent populations against the pandemic virus going forward.Investigators led by Sivan Gazit, MD, MA, of the Kahn Sagol Maccabi Research & Innovation Center and Maccabitech Institute for Research and Innovation conducted the retrospective cohort analysis to compare incident rates of SARS-CoV-2 reinfection (per hazard ratios [HRs]) in previously infected unvaccinated persons to those who did receive a single dose of the mRNA vaccine after infection.As they noted, current evidence supporting the combined effect of naturally-acquired and vaccine-induced immunity against SARS-CoV-2 is insufficient—especially in defining the magnitude and durability of such immunity.“Both short-term effectiveness of the BNT162b2 mRNA COVID-19 vaccine and waning of vaccine-induced immunity have been shown, although the latter has been mild against severe disease,” investigators wrote. “Unlike the large volume of published population-based research investigating the long-term effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines, there is a relative paucity of large studies examining long-term protection against reinfection in previously infected persons although evidence suggesting long-term immunity has been published.”While previous trials have shown the effect of “hybrid immunity” against SARS-CoV-2, Gazit and colleagues noted they include small cohorts and focus on biological outcomes including antibody and memory B cell counts instead of real-world data showing population-based outcomes.“Given still unclear correlates of protection, and the global need for vaccine resource allocation, evidence of a substantial boosting effect for vaccination after recovery from COVID-19 is needed,” they wrote.The team used the Maccabi Health Services (MHS) database, hosting the second largest health maintenance organization in Israel, to inform its analysis.Investigators emulated 41 randomized controlled trials including 107,413 MHS patients aged =16 years old, seeking SARS-CoV-2 outcomes of infection, symptomatic disease, hospitalization and death between March 2 and December 13, 2021.Of the patients, 1374 had a positive PCR test result for SARS-CoV-2 reinfection, 874 experienced a symptomatic reinfection, and 10 incurred a COVID-19 related hospitalization on reinfection. Investigators observed no COVID-19 related deaths in their assessment. Another 21,131 patients received a second dose of the mRNA vaccine and were thus excluded from follow-up, and the remaining patients did not experience any documented outcomes related to the virus.Investigators observed an 82% decreased risk of reinfection among previously infected patients who received a single dose versus those previously infected with SARS-CoV-2 but unvaccinated (HR, 0.18; 95% CI, 0.15 - 0.20). Symptomatic COVID-19 reinfection risk was reduced by 76% among patients with this “hybrid immunity” versus those previously infection and unvaccinated (HR, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.29 - 0.29).“This finding supports previous small cohort studies pointing to evidence of a boosting effect of neutralizing antibody activity, or an anamnestic response, in previously infected persons receiving a single dose of an mRNA vaccine, as well as SARS-CoV-2–specific T-cell and memory B-cell response and affinity maturation,” investigators wrote.As Gazit and colleagues noted, the long-term effects of SARS-CoV-2 reinfection remains mostly unknown. Even without contextual data from the period of Omicron variant outbreaks, the new large-scale findings support the vaccine efficacy of single-dose BNT162b2 given =3 months after a patient is first infected with the pandemic virus.The study, “” was published online in Annals of Internal Medicine. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000017_A000032	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-10535265/ESAs-Solar-Orbiter-captures-huge-eruption-Sun.html	KEN	A huge eruption from the sun has been caught on camera by the European Space Agencys (ESA) Solar Orbiter probe.It is the largest such eruption ever observed in a single image with the full solar disc in shot, according to ESA.The burst of radiation erupted from the side of the Sun facing away from Earth and extended millions of miles into space.Solar eruptions, or prominences, are large structures of tangled magnetic field lines that keep dense concentrations of solar plasma suspended above the Suns surface, sometimes taking the form of arching loops. They are often associated with coronal mass ejections, which if directed towards Earth, can wreak havoc with our technology. Explosion: A huge eruption from the sun (pictured) has been caught on camera by the Solar Orbiter probe. It is the largest such eruption ever observed in a single image with the full solar disc in shot, the European Space Agency said The burst of radiation erupted from the side of the Sun facing away from Earth and extended millions of miles into space Solar eruptions, or prominences, are large structures of tangled magnetic field lines that keep dense concentrations of solar plasma suspended above the Suns surface, sometimes taking the form of arching loops WHAT ARE CORONAL MASS EJECTIONS? Coronal mass ejections (CMEs) are large clouds of plasma and magnetic field that erupt from the sun. These clouds can erupt in any direction, and then continue on in that direction, plowing through solar wind. These clouds only cause impacts to Earth when theyre aimed at Earth. They tend to be much slower than solar flares, as they move a greater amount of matter. CMEs can be triggered when a storm on the surface of the sun causes a whirlwind to form at the base of plasma loops that project from the surface. These loops are called prominences and when they become unstable they can break, releasing the CME into space. The latest eruption took place on February 15 and was caught on camera by the Solar Orbiters Full Sun Imager (FSI) of the Extreme Ultraviolet Imager (EUI). FSI is designed to look at the full solar disc even during close passages of the Sun, such as during the upcoming perihelion passage next month. At closest approach on March 26, which will see the spacecraft pass within about 0.3 times the Sun-Earth distance, the Sun will fill a much larger portion of the telescopes field of view. Right now, there is still a lot of viewing margin around the disc, enabling stunning detail to be captured out to about 2.17 million miles (3.5 million km), equivalent to five times the radius of the Sun.Other space telescopes such as the ESA and NASAs SOHO satellite often see solar activity like this, but are either closer to the Sun, or further out, which blocks out the glare of the Suns disc to enable detailed imagery of the corona itself. That is why the eruption observed by the Solar Orbiter is the largest ever event of its kind to be captured in a single field of view together with the solar disc.Scientists said it opens up new possibilities to see how events like these connect to the solar disc for the first time. Other space missions were also watching the event, including NASAs Parker Solar Probe. Next week, Solar Orbiter and Parker Solar Probe will perform dedicated joint observations during Parkers perihelion passage.Even spacecraft not dedicated to solar science felt its blast.BepiColombo, a joint ESA/JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) mission, which is currently in the vicinity of Mercurys orbit, detected a massive increase in the readings for electrons, protons, and heavy ions with its radiation monitor.ESA said that while this eruption did not send a blast of deadly particles towards Earth, it is an important reminder of the unpredictable nature of the Sun and the importance of understanding and monitoring its behaviour. Scientists hope that with better views of events like these, we can better protect our home planet from the Suns violent outbursts. Other space telescopes such as the ESA and NASAs SOHO satellite often see solar activity like this, but are either closer to the Sun, or further out, which blocks out the glare of the Suns disc to enable detailed imagery of the corona itself. Pictured is a combined wide-view image of Solar Orbiter and SOHOs view of the giant eruption The eruption observed by the Solar Orbiter (pictured left) is the largest ever event of its kind to be captured in a single field of view together with the solar disc. Right is what SOHO saw Solar Orbiter is a European Space Agency mission to explore the Sun and the effect our host star has on the solar systemThe Solar Orbiter launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida in February 2020 is described by ESA as the most complex scientific laboratory ever to have been sent to the Sun.Although our life-giving star has been an object of scientific interest for centuries, its behaviour still presents a puzzle for scientists, ESA explained.Solar Orbiter will take images of the Sun from closer than any spacecraft before and for the first time look at its uncharted polar regions. By combining observations from Solar Orbiter’s six remote-sensing instruments and four sets of in situ instruments, scientists hope to find answers to some profound questions: What drives the Sun’s 11-year cycle of rising and subsiding magnetic activity? What heats up the upper layer of its atmosphere, the corona, to millions of degrees Celsius? What drives the generation of the solar wind? What accelerates the solar wind to speeds of hundreds of kilometres per second? And how does it all affect our planet?ESAS SOLAR ORBITER: THE BRITISH BUILT SPACECRAFT WILL BE THE FIRST TO CAPTURE IMAGES OF THE SUNS POLAR REGIONS Solar Orbiter is a European Space Agency mission with support from NASA to explore the Sun and the effect our host star has on the solar system — including Earth. Solar Orbiter (artists impression) is a European Space Agency mission to explore the sun and its effect on the solar system. Its launch is planned for 2020 from Cape Canaveral in Florida, USAThe satellite launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida in February 2020 and reached its first close approach to the sun in June 2020.It was built in Stevenage, England and is loaded with a carefully selected set of 10 telescopes and direct sensing instruments.Solar Orbiter will fly within 26 million miles (43 million km) of the solar surface to closely inspect our stars poles.Scientists are investigating how the suns violent outer atmosphere, also known as its corona, forms. It was built in Stevenage, England and is loaded with a carefully selected set of 10 telescopes and direct sensing instruments This is the region from which solar wind — storms of charged particles that can disrupt electronics on Earth — are blown out into space.Through Solar Orbiter, researchers hope to unravel what triggers solar storms to help better predict them in future.The Solar Orbiters heat shields are expected to reach temperatures of up to 600C (1,112F) during its closest flybys.It will work closely with Nasas Parker Solar Probe, which launched in August 2018, and is also studying the Suns corona. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000020_A000008	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/asia/small-hong-kong-businesses-say-survival-stake-covid-19-restrictions-bite-2510936	SGP	HONG KONG: Hong Kong restaurant Pasta Zone lost its evening crowd in early January, when authorities imposed a 6pm curfew on dining to help curb COVID-19. A few weeks later, when the government asked people to work from home, the lunch crowd evaporated as well. That reduced business by two-thirds, co-owner Yvonne Chan said, adding that the restaurant could probably survive for six months in such conditions. Health authorities say such restrictions will remain in place for 16 types of businesses, including restaurants such as Chans, or even tighten, until the government reaches its stated dynamic zero-COVID goal of eradicating any outbreak. We dont know what to do. Our hands are tied, Chan said. Without unprecedented relief measures in Hong Kongs 2022-23 budget on Wednesday, its hard to see how the economy can avoid contracting again after emerging last year out of its most prolonged recession, which lasted from 2019 to 2020, economists say. The government has pledged support beyond the latest round of subsidies worth HK$27 billion (US$3.46 billion) announced this year, but has not flagged any specific measures for the upcoming budget. The finance and commerce departments did not immediately reply to requests for comment. In his regular Sunday blog post, Finance Secretary Paul Chan said the government needs to do its best to offer financial support to people and small and medium-sized companies, and restore confidence. The Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce said bold budget measures were needed to avoid company closures. Its proposals included aid for employees and small businesses in affected industries; consumption voucher handouts to residents; and one-off 100 per cent cuts in profit, salary and income taxes, capped at HK$20,000 (US$2,564). The current restrictions, which have seen bars, gyms, beauty parlours and a dozen other types of venues close, and most people working from home, are tighter than in 2020. The current outbreak, the fifth and largest Hong Kong has experienced, is expected to worsen, potentially reaching up to 30,000 infections a day by the end of March from 7,000 or so now, some epidemiologists say. This weeks introduction of vaccine passes is unlikely to make people eager to hit the shops, economists say, as contact tracing could lead to hours queuing for testing and infections could result in weeks in quarantine facilities, regardless of symptoms. This fifth wave looks set to bring the city back to a recession, Daiwa Capital Markets analysts wrote in a note last week. Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said last week it would take two or three months to bring COVID-19 under control. Many businesses say they may not have that much time. Ben Leung, head of the Licensed Bar and Club Association of Hong Kong, told Reuters 20 per cent to 30 per cent of bars would not survive past April without help or a relaxation of restrictions. Tommy Cheung, a legislator representing the restaurant and catering industry, told Reuters some restaurants would close unless the environment improves in March. The situation is getting worse by the day, Cheung said. The Hong Kong Retail Management Association (HKRMA), which represents 9,000 retailers employing more than half the sectors 900,000-strong workforce, says the industry is running out of cash to burn. If the pandemic gets worse and our rents remain the same ... we will not survive, HKRMA chairwoman Annie Tse said. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000020_A000025	www.straitstimes.com	https://www.straitstimes.com/asia/east-asia/china-denies-making-space-junk-set-to-crash-into-moon	SGP	BEIJING (REUTERS) - Chinas foreign ministry on Monday (Feb 21) denied a US report that a spent rocket booster forecast to crash on the far side of the moon next month was debris from a Chinese lunar mission in 2014. The rocket booster, expected to crash on the moon on March 4, was initially identified by an independent researcher as However, earlier this month the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) said its analysis showed that the object was likely to be the booster rocket from Chinas Change 5-T1 mission launched in 2014. China launched the uncrewed Change 5-T1 spacecraft to the moon in October 2014 on a Long March 3C rocket, which has three stages. The mission was to test the ability of the spacecrafts capsule to re-enter Earths atmosphere. The capsule landed back on Earth that same month. According to Chinas monitoring, the Change 5 (rocket) has safely entered Earths atmosphere, and has completely burned, said Mr Wang Wenbin, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, when asked by reporters if the object was from the Chinese mission. The near decade-long voyage of the suspected rocket booster has re-ignited discussion about space debris and who is legally responsible for tracking junk floating outside the Earths atmosphere. China follows international law for development of space affairs, and will safeguard the long-term development of outer space activities and conduct wider consultations with relevant sides, Mr Wang said. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000020_A000030	www.newsondot.com	https://www.newsondot.com/news/7-antiageing-ingredients-all-20something-men-should-know-about-to-get-youthful-skin-6932	SGP	The world of skincare is quite complex and grooming noobs have no idea beyond the moisturisers and oils they use (you’re not alone). © iStockTo make this clearer and simpler for you guys, we roped in an expert, Dr Saloni Vora-Gala, Consultant Dermatologist and Cosmetologist at Dr Sheth’s Skin and hair clinic. View this post on InstagramShe says, “As we enter our 20’s, our skin’s supporting tissues and natural moisturizing factors start to degenerate due to environmental exposure, stress and hormonal changes which in turn age the skin faster. The right age to start incorporating ingredients that slow down the ageing process into our daily routine is around your mid-20s.” © iStockHere are 7 ingredients she recommends that work as a magic potion to slow down the ageing clock. Look for them in your skincare products to maintain youthful and healthy skin and start using them as soon as you dive into your mid-20s:1. Ceramides Ceramides are a part of the skin’s natural building blocks which create a protective barrier against the environment. Ageing skin lacks ceramides, making it dry and dehydrated with the appearance of fine lines. Moisturizers containing ceramides help in replacing the lost molecules, repair skin barrier and slow down ageing. Apply twice a day for best results.2. Hyaluronic acidThis is a naturally occurring component of the skin that attracts moisture from the environment keeping the skin plump, hydrated, boosts collagen production, and reduces fine lines. This is available in the form of serums, gels & creams which can be applied in the morning as well as at night over damp skin. © iStock3. Vitamin CThis is an antioxidant powerhouse that neutralizes oxidative damage from exposure to UV rays and the environment, boosts collagen formation, improves texture, brightens skin and repairs the skin barrier. A well-stabilized vitamin C serum in combination with ferulic acid, hyaluronic acid or vitamin E works well when used in the morning along with a moisturizer and sunscreen. 4. RetinoidsBelonging to a group of vitamin A derivatives, retinoids stimulate collagen formation and speed up the process of skin renewal, improving and preventing fine lines, diminishing sun spots and smoothening texture. Retinol and retinyl esters are the weakest and most tolerable molecules of the group that one can start with, thrice a week initially, gradually increasing the frequency. It is best used at night along with a moisturizer. Should not be used during pregnancy. © iStock5. NiacinamideThis antioxidant serum can be incorporated in the morning or at night in order to repair the skin barrier, reduce redness, prevent fine lines and brighten skin. It also works well in combination with retinol or vitamin C.6. Peptides These short-chain amino acids are popular as collagen boosters and make the skin firmer, smoother and youthful-looking. They are available as night creams or serums.7. ExfoliantsAlpha hydroxy acids like glycolic acid, lactic acid and mandelic acid help in skin cell renewal and collagen remodelling, making the skin smoother and brighter, with diminished fine lines, age spots and improved texture. These can be used twice or thrice a week after a patch test. © iStockIf you are a beginner at skincare, you can start with the skincare basics like cleansing, moisturising and sun protection (sunscreen is a must) and gradually incorporate other ingredients according to your skin type and needs. 
20220221_173939_uga_C000022_A000034	www.universetoday.com	https://www.universetoday.com/154609/james-webb-might-be-able-to-detect-other-civilizations-by-their-air-pollution/	UGA	The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), launched last December, has been slowly powering up its instruments and unfurling its sunshield, and is now in the process of aligning its mirrors in preparation for operation. Within a few months, the most powerful space telescope ever built is going to set its sights on the stars. Astronomers are hoping that what JWST sees will change the way we understand our universe, just as the Hubble Space Telescope did decades before. One tantalizing capability that JWST offers that Hubble could not is the opportunity to directly image planets orbiting distant stars, and maybe, just maybe, detect signs of life. The possibility of remotely detecting biosignatures has been a hot topic in recent years. In our own solar system, the recent discovery of phosphine in Venus’ atmosphere sparked speculation that the chemical might be created by a microbial lifeform. Similarly, remote sensing experts have proposed that plant life – which uses photosynthesis for energy – could be detected in infrared wavelengths, as chlorophyll absorbs visible light, but shows up brightly in infrared, and would give planets covered in foliage a distinct ‘‘. A single-pixel photo of a distant planet just might contain enough information to tell us if biological life is there, based on the information stored in the wavelengths of light that reach the telescope lens. The James Webb Space Telescope is expected to be fully operational this summer. Credit: NASA But what about intelligent life? Could JWST detect civilizations similar to ours? How would we look for them? The best answers come from understanding what humanity’s presence on Earth looks like from outer space. We give off waste heat (from industry and homes and so on) and artificial light at night, but perhaps most significantly, we produce chemicals that fill our atmosphere with compounds that wouldn’t otherwise be present. These artificial atmospheric constituents just might be the thing that gives us away to a distant alien species scanning the galaxy with their own powerful telescope. A recent paper – – examined the possibility of using JWST to search for industrial pollutants in the atmospheres of exoplanets. The paper focused specifically on chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), which, on Earth, are produced industrially as refrigerants and cleaning agents. CFC’s infamously created a massive hole in Earth’s ozone layer in the 1980s, before an international ban on their use in 1987 helped reduce the level of CFCs back to less harmful levels. These “potent greenhouse agents with long atmospheric residence times,” if found elsewhere in the galaxy, are almost certain to be the result of a civilization capable of rampant industrialization. In other words, some of humanity’s worst byproducts – our pollution – may be the very things that make us detectable. And it means that we may be able to find other species capable of treating their own planet’s atmosphere with the same disregard. An artist’s rendition of TRAPPIST-1e, a potentially habitable, Earth-sized planet circling a red dwarf 40 light-years away. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech There are some limitations to JWST’s CFC finding capabilities. If a planet’s star is too bright, it will drown out the signal. The telescope will therefore have the most success by looking at M-class stars, which are dim, long-lived red dwarfs. A nearby example is TRAPPIST-1, a red dwarf 40 light-years away, with several Earth-sized planets orbiting within its habitable zone. JWST would be able to see CFCs on TRAPPIST-1’s planets, because the dim star won’t drown out the CFC signature in the same way that a bright star, like our Sun (a G-type star), would. Conversely, a JWST-like telescope at TRAPPIST-1 wouldn’t be able to see Earth’s CFCs: our Sun is just too bright. Unfortunately, M-class stars are not usually conducive to life, because when they are young, they are unstable, sending out powerful solar flares that might just exterminate any nascent life on nearby planets. They do, however, tend to calm down as they age, so it isn’t an impossibility. It just means that we should temper our expectations a bit. Whatever we find, or don’t find, out there, the fact that we are about to have the capability to look at all is a game-changer. As the paper concludes, “with the launch of JWST, humanity may be very close to an important milestone in SETI [the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence]: one where we are capable of detecting from nearby stars not just powerful, deliberate, transient, and highly directional transmissions like our own (such as the ), but consistent, passive technosignatures of the same strength as our own.” Learn more: Jacob Haqq-Misra, Ravi Kopparapu, Thomas J. Fauchez, Adam Frank, Jason T. Wright, Manasvi Lingam. “Detectability of Chlorofluorocarbons in the Atmospheres of Habitable M-dwarf Planets.” ArXiv preprint. : a visualization of the effects of CFC’s in Earth’s atmosphere, Credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio. Like this:Like Loading... 
20220221_173939_nga_C000032_A000034	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-formation-west-antarctic-ice-sheet.html	NGA	Germanys icebreaking reseach vessel Polarstern (operated by the Alfred Wegener Institute Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research). Credit: Alfred-Wegener-Institut / Thomas Ronge Roughly 35 million years ago, Earth cooled rapidly. At roughly the same time, the Drake Passage formed between South America and the Antarctic, paving the way for the Antarctic Circumpolar Current. Thanks to these two factors, Antarctica was soon completely covered in ice. As a study from the Alfred Wegener Institute now shows, this massive glaciation was delayed in at least one region. This new piece of the puzzle concerning the early history of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet could help to predict its unstable future. The study was just released in the Nature journal Communications Earth & Environment. For , the West Antarctic has been in the spotlight for years. Here, the West Antarctic Ice Sheet lying atop the continent stretches to the adjacent Amundsen Sea. Near the coast, the ice is still in direct contact with the soil; farther toward the , it floats. Because progressively warms the seawater, the latter is increasingly eroding the ice shelf from below. The grounding line—the last point at which the ice still rests on the ground—moves farther and farther inland. Due to meltwater and calving icebergs, the Thwaites Glacier, which flows into the Amundsen Sea, now loses twice as much ice as 30 years ago. If the West Antarctic Ice Sheet were to collapse entirely, would rise by more than three meters. The stability of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet is critical to the future development of the global sea level, says the studys first author, Gabriele Uenzelmann-Neben from the Alfred Wegener Institute, Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research (AWI). Accordingly, researchers around the world are working to predict the future behavior of the ice in a warmer world using numerical simulation. The more we know about the history of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, the more accurate we can make these models. Its more recent history is well-documented, but we still know very little about its earlier years—particularly the formation phase. Our study delivers an important piece of the puzzle. In the course of two research cruises on board the Polarstern, the Geophysicist and her team investigated sediments in the vicinity of Pine Island Trough, a channel-like furrow in the seafloor of the shallow part of the Amundsen Sea that stretches from north to south and leads directly toward the western coast of Antarctica. To collect data, the AWI team relied on the tried and proven reflection seismology method: the Polarstern towed a 3,000-meter-long measuring cable—or streamer—behind her. The streamer is equipped with hydrophones that utilize a total of 240 measuring channels. During survey cruises, an airgun is used to produce seismic pulses behind the ship. These pulses penetrate the seafloor and are reflected back at geological boundaries—e.g. between the sediment and hard rock—which is recorded by the streamers hydrophones. Based on the different travel times for the waves and the respective positions of the individual channels, the internal structure of the seafloor can be mapped. The measurement data revealed a large sediment body, a sediment drift, on the eastern flank of Pine Island Trough, one with no counterpart on its western side. Because of the Coriolis effect produced by Earths rotation, this asymmetrical deposition of a sediment drift on the troughs eastern side but not the western one can only have been produced by a deep-water current that flowed toward the coast from north to south, says Uenzelmann-Neben. In order for that to occur, the ocean circulation at the time of the deposition had to be similar to todays conditions, that is, the prevailing westerlies and the Antarctic Circumpolar Current had to have been located far to the south. And similar to today, the deep water upwelled through the trough must have been comparatively warm. Additional study of pollen from gathered near the trough indicate that the base of the sediment drift was formed roughly 34 to 36 million years ago. At precisely the same time—the Eocene-Oligocene boundary—temperatures plummeted around the globe, and the Antarctic continent became covered in ice. Our study offers compelling evidence that at the time of the great glaciation, warmer deep water upwelled near the Amundsen Sea shelf and delayed the West Antarctic Ice Sheets expansion to the sea, the AWI Geophysicist explains. This important and unexpected finding emphasizes the tremendous importance that ocean currents had even during the formation phase of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet and continue to have today. Armed with this additional knowledge concerning the ice sheets earliest phase, forecasts on its future stability and ice retreat can now be improved. More information: Gabriele Uenzelmann-Neben et al, Deep water inflow slowed offshore expansion of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet at the Eocene-Oligocene transition, Communications Earth & Environment (2022). Citation: The formation of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet was very different than previously believed (2022, February 21) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-formation-west-antarctic-ice-sheet.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220221_173939_phl_C000037_A000009	newsinfo.inquirer.net	https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1557794/women-leaders-decry-removsal-of-kiko-lenii-campaign-materials	PHL	Campaign materials of Leni-Kiko tandem displayed at their volunteer headquarters in Quezon City were removed. Screengrab from Comelec’s livestream. MANILA, Philippines — Several women local government leaders have condemned the removal of campaign materials supporting the presidential and vice presidential candidacies of Vice President Leni Robredo and Senator Francis Pangilinan, as it is an attack on free speech. In a statement shared by Robredo’s media bureau, the following officials called out the Commission on Elections (Comelec) for allowing local officers to put down streamers and other materials even if they were inside private property: Tabaco City Mayor Krisel Lagman-Luistro Naga City Vice Mayor Cecilia De Asis Zambales Board Member Carolyn Senador-Farińas Tuguegarao City Councilor Marjorie Martin Virac, Catanduanes Vice-Mayor Arlynn Arcilla The officials were referring to Comelec’s Oplan Baklas, which affected the Robredo-Pangilinan volunteer site in Quezon City and another volunteer area in Santiago, Isabela — despite these being private property, as the supporters claimed. “(The campaign is) an attack on our free speech and property rights,” Lagman-Luistro said in a statement. “The brazen violations in carrying out Operation Baklas intimidate citizens into surrendering their rights,” she added, while claiming that Comelec’s powers are only limited to leveling the playing field for candidates and political parties, and not private citizens who campaign for their presidential bets like Robredo. Tuguegarao’s Martin, on the other hand, said that while they respect Comelec’s power and mandate, she said that the poll body should not infringe on private citizens’ rights. “We recognize the power of COMELEC to regulate elections and to ensure that no one, especially those who have the power, money and influence, takes advantage of our electoral process. But such power does not involve the intrusion on private property and most especially the violation of every Filipino’s freedom,” she explained. Comelec drew flak last Wednesday after its personnel started removing allegedly oversized and illegally posted campaign materials of some presidential candidates, even as the candidates’ supporters maintained that the campaign materials were posted in private property. READ: This led election lawyer Romulo Macalintal, who was also part of Robredo’s legal team in the poll protest, to urge private individuals affected by the regulations to file cases and prevent Comelec’s entry into private property if they can. During a briefing last February 17, Macalintal presented videos taken by Robredo’s supporters in Santiago where the materials were removed by Comelec, with the help of police and fire officers. What the Comelec should have done, Macalintal said, was to write a letter asking private citizens to remove the campaign materials if they see any such violation. If the private party will not comply, the poll body may then file a case. READ: Martin said they are calling on Comelec, the Philippine National Police and the entire Oplan Baklas team to fulfill their mandate in accordance to laws, and with respect to free speech. “We call on the COMELEC, the Philippine National Police and other members of the Baklas Team to perform their tasks in accordance to law and respect of a Filipinos right to freedom of speech and expression,” she added. Another endorsement Another set of former government workers have expressed their support to the Robredo-Pangilinan tandem, as 144 former employees of the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) endorsed the said candidates for the 2022 national elections. In a joint statement shared by the officers inside Robredo’s people campaign, the DSWD employees said that Pangilinan and Robredo have the widest experience regarding social work — as Robredo has been a social worker before her entry into politics, while Pangilinan has been a long time agriculture and food sufficiency advocate. “Bilang mga dating lingkod-bayan na nanilbihan upang isulong ang kapakanan at karapatan ng mga mahihirap at kapuspalad, mahalaga sa amin ang malinis at mapagkalingang pamamalakad sa pamahalaan,” the former DSWD employees, which included past secretaries Lina Laigo and Judy Taguiwalo, said. “Naniniwala kami na si VP Leni at Sen. Kiko ang may pinakamalawak na karanasan sa social welfare and development o kagalingang panlipunan,” they added. The former DSWD employees are the latest in a string of personalities and officials who endorsed Robredo: last Friday, over 200 Filipino former officers of United Nations and its attached agencies said that the Vice President has the platform that would address the country’s current problems, especially with the COVID-19 pandemic. READ: Over 130 of the country’s top economists also said that Robredo’s sound platform is needed to help the country recover from its economic problems brought by the health crisis. Similarly, retired chief justice Hilario Davide Jr. said that Robredo and Pangilinan, compose the best tandem he has seen since the former magistrate started voting in 1957. READ: READ: Subscribe to our daily newsletter Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000040_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/metal-clouds-rain-hot-jupiter-exoplanet-wasp121b	NAM	An artists impression of the hot Jupiter exoplanet WASP-121 b. In a new study, researchers explored the exoplanets nightside. (Image credit: Patricia Klein and MPIA)Imagine a world where the clouds are made of metal and liquid rubies and sapphires rain down from the sky. A new study shows that, on the hot Jupiter exoplanet WASP-121 b, this could be the reality.In 2015, scientists discovered WASP-121 b, a gas giant 880 light-years from Earth. The alien world is what is known as a hot Jupiter, a class of gas giants that have physical similarities to Jupiter but orbit their stars much closer (hence, their hot nature). Since its discovery, researchers have further explored this world and its strange atmosphere. In a new study, scientists using the have made the first detailed measurement of the atmosphere on the planets cooler nightside. And this nighttime atmosphere seems to have a number of strange and remarkable qualities including metal clouds and rain made of what could be liquid gems.Its exciting to study planets like WASP-121 b that are very different to those in our solar system, because they allow us to see how atmospheres behave under extreme conditions, co-author Joanna Barstow, a researcher at the Open University in the U.K., . Related: This hot Jupiter is tidally locked, meaning it has one side that is always facing its star and another side that faces away. On WASP-121 bs star-facing dayside, metals and minerals evaporate. The daysides upper atmosphere can get as hot as about 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit (3,000 degrees Celsius), so hot that water in the atmosphere glows and molecules break down, according to a statement. But on the planets nightside, the team found that the atmospheric temperature is essentially cut in half. This difference in temperature causes strong winds to blow from west to east around the planet, pulling water through the atmosphere from the dayside to the nightside. As water molecules are pulled apart into hydrogen and oxygen atoms by the heat on the dayside, the cool temperatures on the nightside then recombine the atoms into water vapor. That water is pulled back to the dayside by the winds and pulled apart in a continuous cycle.The temperatures on the nightside are never low enough for water clouds to form during this cycle, but that doesnt mean that clouds dont form at all. While water clouds dont form, metal clouds do.Previous Hubble data showed signs of metals including iron, magnesium, chromium and vanadium existing as gasses on the planets dayside. But in this study, the researchers have found that on the planets nightside, it gets cold enough for these metals to condense into clouds. Related: And, just as the strong winds pull water vapor and atoms around the planet to break apart and recombine, metal clouds will blow to the planets dayside and evaporate, condense back on the nightside and so on. But metal clouds arent the only strange phenomenon these researchers spotted on this hot Jupiter. They also found evidence of possible rain in the form of liquid gems. Scientists were surprised that, among the metals they detected in the planets atmosphere, they did not find aluminum or titanium. They think that this surprising finding could be explained by the metals condensing and raining down into lower levels of the planets atmosphere outside of the scope of these observations, according to the statement.This metal vapor condensed into metallic rain would see aluminum condense together with oxygen, forming corundum. This is a metallic compound that, when tainted by other metals suspected in the planets atmosphere, would form what we know on Earth as rubies or sapphires, according to the statement.This work shed new light on the hot Jupiters nightside, but the team also studied the planets dayside.To probe the entire surface of WASP-121 b, we took spectra with Hubble during two complete planet revolutions, co-author David Sing, a researcher at Johns Hopkins University in Maryland, said in the statement. By combining this information about WASP-121 bs nightside with data about the exoplanets dayside, the team is working to reveal new insights into how the worlds atmosphere works as a whole. The team was able to observe the complete water cycle of the planet and, in doing so, became the first to study the full water cycle of an exoplanet, according to the statement.Still, there is much to learn. The team plans to further explore the exoplanet with NASAs , a next-gen observatory that recently arrived in space to study the farthest reaches of the universe in infrared.To better understand this planet, were going to observe it with the James Webb Space Telescope within the first year of its operation, lead author Thomas Mikal-Evans, a researcher with the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy, said in the statement.This work was (Feb. 21) in the journal Nature Astronomy.Email Chelsea Gohd at cgohd@space.com or follow her on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter and on Facebook. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000041_A000005	www.thecitizen.co.tz	https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/oped/zanzibar-success-in-malaria-fight-worth-emulating-3724460	TZA	Headlined “Zanzibar closer to zero malaria cases”, the leading front-page report in this newspaper yesterday was that Zanzibar has maintained malaria prevalence below one percent in the past decade. If nothing else, this has apparently bolstered the chances of the world-famous “Spice Isles” eliminating the deadly mosquito-borne infectious disease from archipelago by next year.If and when that happens, Zanzibar would join the 40 countries and territories which have been granted “malaria-free certification” by the World Health Organisation (WHO) that include China, El Salvador, Algeria, Argentina, Paraguay and UzbekistanAccording to the 2021 World Malaria Report by WHO, “there were an estimated 241 million malaria cases – and 627,000 malaria deaths – worldwide, in 2020 ... with the increases linked to disruptions in the provision of malaria prevention, diagnosis and treatment during the viral Covid-19 pandemic”.According to worldatlas.com, malaria is the third leading cause of death in the country, mostly occurring in Mainland Tanzania (7 percent; 36 percent of child deaths).Indeed, Zanzibar started indicating “a decline in malaria incidence after the introduction of Long Lasting Insecticide Bed Nets to people in endemic areas… Also, the spread of indoor residual spraying has significantly contributed to the reduced cases of malaria in Zanzibar”.Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous part and parcel of the United Republic of Tanzania – with Mainland Tanzania across the Zanzibar Channel being the other integral part. So, why should, would, Zanzibar be able to “maintain malaria prevalence at below one percent” for years – doing the seemingly impossible – while Mainland Tanzania next-door miserably fails to do so, pray?What we on the Mainland need to do is to take a leaf out of Zanzibar’s book on malaria prevention, go back to the drawing board – and come up with functional measures that would surmount malaria, making it past history in our land.LONG LIVE SCOUTS MOVEMENT Tomorrow, February 22, is World Scout Day (WSD), when scouts associations in some countries celebrate the birth of the founder of the Scout’s Movement, Robert Baden-Powell, and his wife Olave. Baden-Powell was born February 22, 1857. Olave was also born on February 22 – but in 1889: 32 years later, and well after her husband had formed the Boy Scouts Movement in Britain in 1908.In 1910, Baden-Powell co-founded – together with his sister Agnes Baden-Powell – a parallel organiSation in Britain for girls, named Girl Scouts/Girls Guides. World Scout Day – known as World Thinking Day by Girl Scouts/Girl Guides – is the day when members of the two associations re-affirm their oath-cum-pledge to society in general.Basically, they “promise, on my honour, I will do my best to do my duty to God and my country ... To help other people at all times; to keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight.” The Tanzania Scouts Association – which was first established in Zanzibar in 1912, and on Mainland Tanzania/Tanganyika in 1917 – continues to play “a positive role in preparing our young to honourably serve their communities in creating a better world”.So, we heartily say long live the Scouts Movement. 
20220221_173939_uga_C000042_A000037	www.healio.com	https://www.healio.com/news/primary-care/20220221/ed-visits-for-mental-health-surge-among-teen-girls-during-pandemic	UGA	February 21, 2022 2 min read Disclosures: Please see the studies for all authors’ relevant financial disclosures. ADD TOPIC TO EMAIL ALERTS Receive an email when new articles are posted on Please provide your email address to receive an email when new articles are posted on . We were unable to process your request. Please try again later. If you continue to have this issue please contact . Weekly pediatric ED visits for eating and tic disorders have increased among females — especially adolescents aged 12 to 17 years — during the COVID-19 pandemic, according to a study published in MMWR. It was one of two studies in which researchers assessed data from the National Syndromic Surveillance Program to compare pediatric ED visits from three pandemic surveillance periods with corresponding weeks in 2019. Among adolescent females aged 12 to 17, weekly ED visits increased for eating disorders and tic disorders in 2020; for depression, eating disorders, tic disorders and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in 2021; and for anxiety, trauma and stressor-related disorders, eating disorders, tic disorders, and OCD during January 2022 — all when compared with 2019. The researchers noted that although eating disorders could be triggered by “pandemic-related risk factors, (eg, lack of structure in daily routine, emotional distress and changes in food availability),” the increase in visits for tic disorders specifically is “atypical.” “Tic disorders usually begin earlier in childhood and are more prevalent among males,” they wrote. “Stress of the pandemic or exposure to severe tics, highlighted on social media platforms, might be associated with increases in visits with tics and ticlike behavior among adolescent females.” The authors suggested that pediatricians promote policies to “improve access to mental health services, including telemental health, and community-based primary prevention strategies, to reduce exposure to adverse childhood experiences can help mitigate risk for MHCs before they begin.” “Early identification and expanded evidence-based prevention and intervention strategies are critical to improving children’s and adolescents’ mental health, especially among adolescent females, who might have increased need,” they continued. The other study found that, although pediatric ED visits declined by 51% in 2020, 22% in 2022 and 23% in January of 2022 — with most visits accounting for COVID-19 respiratory illnesses — numbers and proportions of visits did increase for certain injuries in the year 2021 compared with 2019, including firearm injuries, which increased by two visits per week; self-harm, which increased by six visits per week; and drug poisonings, which increased by seven visits a week. “Health care providers and families should remain vigilant for potential indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including health conditions resulting from delayed care, and increasing emotional distress and behavioral health concerns among children and adolescents,” the authors wrote. The AAP and other pediatric groups in October claimed that a “worsening crisis in child and adolescent mental health” brought on by COVID-19 “and the ongoing struggle for racial justice” constituted a , citing findings that claimed , and around one in five are experiencing anxiety — both double their prepandemic estimates. References: CDC. New reports on health and well-being of children during COVID-19 pandemic. . Published Feb. 18, 2022. Accessed Feb. 21, 2022. Radhakrishnan L, et al. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2022;doi:10.15585/mmwr.mm7108e1. . ADD TOPIC TO EMAIL ALERTS Receive an email when new articles are posted on Please provide your email address to receive an email when new articles are posted on . We were unable to process your request. Please try again later. If you continue to have this issue please contact . COVID-19 Resource Center 
20220221_173939_ind_C000050_A000006	scroll.in	https://scroll.in/latest/1017829/twitter-takes-down-gujarat-bjp-post-featuring-caricatures-of-muslims-after-ahmedabad-blasts-verdict	IND	Twitter on Sunday removed an offensive post by the Bharatiya Janata Party’s Gujarat unit that featured a cartoon depicting a group of Muslim men being hanged in in the wake of Friday’s court verdict that sentenced 38 people to death in the 2008 Ahmedabad blasts case.The background of the cartoon showed the tricolour and the scene of the blasts. “Satyamev Jayate [Truth alone triumphs],” the caption to the post read. “No mercy to the perpetrators of terror.”The tweet has been taken down for violating the platform’s rules on hateful imagery.As of Monday morning, several posts featuring the cartoon could be seen on Facebook. Some accounts on Instagram, which is owned by Facebook, have also posted the cartoon. As of Monday morning, the posts have not been taken down. Several people who objected to the post got a response from the platform stating that the caricature did not violate its community standards, according to Boom Live.Gujarat BJP’s media convenor claimed that the caricature was made on the basis of reports in newspapers and news channels, and did not intend to target any community, The Indian Express reported. He argued that all newspapers and channels had shown images of the convicts and the caricature was based on them.The Congress’ spokesperson in Gujarat said that no party should engage in politics on court judgements in sensitive cases, The Hindu reported. He alleged that the BJP was seeking to polarise people in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh.“We all know that terrorism has no religion, and no one knows it better than the Congress which has lost two former prime ministers to it,” Doshi said.The Gujarat BJP put out the tweet five days after the tweeted the names and addresses of some of the girls who have moved the High Court seeking permission to wear hijabs in educational institutions. Sharing minors’ identities without their consent contravenes sections of the Juvenile Justice Act, the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act and the Indian Penal Code.The Karnataka BJP later deleted the tweet.The verdictOn February 18, a sentenced 38 of the 49 convicts to death in the bomb blasts case. Special Judge AR Patel sentenced the rest of the accused persons to life imprisonment.As many as 22 explosions ripped had through the city of Ahmedabad on July 26, 2008, leaving 56 dead and over 200 injured. The police had claimed that people associated with the banned terror outfit Indian Mujahideen were responsible for the serial blasts. Indian Mujahideen is a faction of the outlawed Students Islamic Movement of India. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000050_A000022	www.aninews.in	https://www.aninews.in/news/tech/computers/apple-might-debut-m2-chip-with-four-new-macs-in-202220220221224341/	IND	ANI | Updated: Feb 21, 2022 22:43 IST Washington [US], February 21 (ANI): American multinational tech company is reportedly gearing up to release several with an later this year.According to The Verge, a news outlets source has suggested that the company will debut a 13-inch MacBook Pro, Mac Mini, 24-inch iMac, and a redesigned MacBook Air, all outfitted with the rumoured . hasnt offered any hints about the potential , but the source thinks its CPU will be slightly faster than the M1s, and that it will share the same eight-core architecture. Its graphics cores, however, may jump from seven or eight to nine or 10. In 2023, may release Pro and Max versions of the , just like it did for the M1 chip, as well as announce an M3 chip.Its been well over a year since first announced its very first in-house M1 chip in November 2020, and several months since its M1 Pro and M1 Max debut.As continues to distance itself from Intel silicon, it has a few other Macs on tap that are likely meant to shove any remaining Intel-powered devices out of its lineup.The source expects a larger iMac Pro with M1 Pro and M1 Max chip options to replace its current 27-inch iMac Pro, along with a smaller Mac Pro that comes with the equivalent of either two or four M1 Max chips.As per The Verge, while the Mac Mini already comes with an M1 chip, there are expectations of it to get an upgraded M1 Pro option (in addition to an M2 variation). (ANI) 
20220221_173939_ind_C000050_A000023	www.pinkvilla.com	https://www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/news/alia-bhatt-does-her-iconic-gangubai-kathiawadi-pose-she-stands-theatre-s-roof-kolkata-pics-1029036	IND	Alia Bhatt is the talk of the town these days and is making headlines every now and then as her film Gangubai Kathiawadi is all set to release. The Sanjay Leela Bhansali film has created a lot of hype and fans are eagerly waiting to see Alia in a new avatar. Well, the 2 States actress is on a promotional spree these days and is currently in Kolkata to promote her film that also stars Ajay Devgn in a pivotal role. She managed to grab all the attention once again as she stood at a theatre’s roof and did her iconic Namaste pose from the movie. In the pictures, we can see wearing a white saree and looking stunning in it. She wore a backless blouse and a plain white saree. The actress tied her hair in a bun and decorated it with matching white flowers. got on the roof of a theatre in Kolkata right in front of a big poster. Below that, was written ‘Cinemas are back’ on a big banner. Fans stood below to get a glimpse of their favourite actress as she posed with her hands up and joined the iconic Gangubai style. Take a look: Meanwhile, on the work front, Alia Bhatt has her first Pan-India film RRR all set to release. Apart from that, she recently wrapped up the Delhi schedule of Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani in which she will be starring opposite Ranveer Singh. This film is directed by Karan Johar who wore the hat of a director after a hiatus of almost 6 years. Alia also has Brahmastra all set to be released this year alongside her real-life boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor. ALSO READ: 
20220221_173939_ind_C000050_A000035	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/thsti-panacea-biotec-to-jointly-develop-betacoronavirus-vaccines/articleshow/89732749.cms	IND	NEW DELHI: Delhi based drug firm and governments Translational Health Science and Technology Institute () - which has been at the forefront of Covid vaccine research - have begun work on developing a coronavirus vaccine that are expected to offer ‘broad protection’ against not only the Sars-CoV-2 virus, but also Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) will provide funding of up to $12.5million to support the development of the “multi-epitope, nanoparticle-based” vaccine candidates and advance the manufacturing process. The idea is to develop a pre-emptive vaccine for future coronavirus outbreaks. If things go according to plan the new vaccine is expected to be available in the next two tothree years, officials said. THSTI and Panacea Biotec will design and select the lead antigen through proof-of-concept preclinical studies, and undertake initial clinical development through Phase 1/2 studies as they seek to establish clinical proof of concept for novel vaccine candidates to provide broad protection against MERS, , SARS-CoV-2 and its variants. “We are honoured to collaborate with CEPI and THSTI for development of a betacoronavirus vaccine that can provide broad protection against SARS-COV-2 and other coronaviruses,” Rajesh Jain, Managing Director of Panacea Biotec, said. Richard Hatchett, CEO of CEPI, noted that over the past two years coronaviruses have demonstrated their pandemic potential with devastating effect. “Its therefore vital for global health security that we invest now in research to develop vaccines that are broadly protective against variants of SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses before they emerge,” Hatchett said. Pramod Kumar Garg, Executive Director of the Translational Health Science and Technology Institute, said he looked forward to a fruitful academia-industry collaboration with Panacea Biotec in bringing out a vaccine product for global public health. “We are hopeful that this collaboration will further enhance our capabilities to develop a robust platform and pipeline for development of products against other infectious diseases,” Garg said. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000067_A000014	www.businessdailyafrica.com	https://www.businessdailyafrica.com/bd/economy/kenya-to-export-automobiles-as-eac-meets-minimum-free-trade-3724550	KEN	Kenya to export cars as EAC meets minimum free trade requirement Monday February 21 2022 East African Community (EAC) Principal Secretary Dr Kevit Desai. PHOTO | KEVIN ODIT | NMG The partner states have adopted the EAC Tariff Offer for Category A products to reach a minimum of 90.2 percent or 5,129 tariff lines out of the total 5,688.The goods under category A include agricultural produce, automobile and textile among other items.The AfCFTA has so far verified 29 tariff offers to ensure that they meet required modalities and it is expected to increase to 34 once the EAC partner states offers are verified. Kenya will soon export cars to the rest of the continent after the East African Community met the minimum requirement to allow it to trade under the African Continental Free Trade (AfCTA). The move will see countries like Kenya start selling products out of the bloc.The partner states have adopted the EAC Tariff Offer for Category A products to reach a minimum of 90.2 percent or 5,129 tariff lines out of the total 5,688, which is a minimum threshold required before a region can be allowed to trade under AfCTA.The goods under category A include agricultural produce, automobile and textile among other items.“The expanded opportunities include manufactured products, value addition, regional value chains, agro-processing, motor vehicle assembly, pharmaceuticals, auto spares industries and mineral processing among other areas,” said EAC Principal Secretary Kevit Desai.The PS was speaking during an EAC Extra-Ordinary Meeting of the Sectoral Council on Trade, Industry, Finance and Investment (SCTIFI) held over the weekend.The EAC partner states tariff offers will now be subjected to verification by the AfCFTA Secretariat, which is based in Accra, Ghana.The AfCFTA has so far verified 29 tariff offers to ensure that they meet required modalities and it is expected to increase to 34 once the EAC partner states offers are verified.Verification of the tariff offers will ensure that AfCFTA member states that meet the minimum requirements start trading under the Continental Free Trade Area Agreement.Implementation of free trade has been gathering momentum since the date when it was effected. Last month AfCFTA concluded negotiations on rules of origin, a move expected to significantly cut tariffs on goods moving within the continent.Wamkele Mene, the secretary-general of AfCFTA, said the conclusion of negotiations on rules of origin was an important milestone towards a successful implementation of the free trade pact.Trading under AfCFTA started officially on January 1, 2021, but it could not be effected as problems regarding rules of origin remained unresolved, making it difficult to identify products that could enjoy the preferential tariff regime under the agreement.Each trading bloc has its own Common External Tariff, which it charges on goods coming outside a given bloc. For instance, EAC charges up to 50 percent duty on goods being shipped from other regions like Economic Community for West Africa (Ecowas) to EAC.Kenya was the first country in the eastern Africa region to ratify the trade deal after the National Assembly adopted it. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000067_A000032	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-webb-telescope-civilizations-air-pollution.html	KEN	A visualization of the effects of CFC’s in Earth’s atmosphere. Credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), launched last December, has been slowly powering up its instruments and unfurling its sunshield, and is now in the process of aligning its mirrors in preparation for operation. Within a few months, the most powerful space telescope ever built is going to set its sights on the stars. Astronomers are hoping that what JWST sees will change the way we understand our universe, just as the Hubble Space Telescope did decades before. One tantalizing capability that JWST offers that Hubble could not is the opportunity to directly image planets orbiting , and maybe, just maybe, detect . The possibility of remotely detecting biosignatures has been a hot topic in recent years. In our own solar system, the recent discovery of phosphine in Venus atmosphere sparked speculation that the chemical might be created by a microbial lifeform. Similarly, remote sensing experts have proposed that plant life—which uses photosynthesis for energy—could be detected in , as chlorophyll absorbs , but shows up brightly in infrared, and would give planets covered in foliage a distinct red edge. A single-pixel photo of a distant planet just might contain enough information to tell us if biological life is there, based on the information stored in the wavelengths of light that reach the lens. But what about intelligent life? Could JWST detect civilizations similar to ours? How would we look for them? The best answers come from understanding what humanitys presence on Earth looks like from outer space. We give off (from industry and homes and so on) and artificial light at night, but perhaps most significantly, we produce chemicals that fill our atmosphere with compounds that wouldnt otherwise be present. These artificial atmospheric constituents just might be the thing that gives us away to a distant alien species scanning the galaxy with their own powerful telescope. The James Webb Space Telescope is expected to be fully operational this summer. Credit: NASA A recent paper——examined the possibility of using JWST to search for industrial pollutants in the atmospheres of exoplanets. The paper focused specifically on chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), which, on Earth, are produced industrially as refrigerants and cleaning agents. CFCs infamously created a massive hole in Earths ozone layer in the 1980s, before an international ban on their use in 1987 helped reduce the level of CFCs back to less harmful levels. These potent greenhouse agents with long atmospheric residence times, if found elsewhere in the galaxy, are almost certain to be the result of a civilization capable of rampant industrialization. In other words, some of humanitys worst byproducts—our pollution—may be the very thing that makes us detectable. And it means that we may be able to find other species capable of treating their own planets atmosphere with the same disregard. There are some limitations to JWSTs CFC finding capabilities. If a planets star is too bright, it will drown out the signal. The telescope will therefore have the most success by looking at M-class , which are dim, long-lived red dwarfs. A nearby example is TRAPPIST-1, a red dwarf 40 light-years away, with several Earth-sized planets orbiting within its habitable zone. JWST would be able to see CFCs on TRAPPIST-1s planets, because the dim star wont drown out the CFC signature in the same way that a bright star, like our sun (a G-type star), would. An artist’s rendition of TRAPPIST-1e, a potentially habitable, Earth-sized planet circling a red dwarf 40 light-years away. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech Conversely, a JWST-like telescope at TRAPPIST-1 wouldnt be able to see Earths CFCs: Our sun is just too bright. Unfortunately, M-class stars are not usually conducive to life, because when they are young, they are unstable, sending out powerful solar flares that might just exterminate any nascent life on nearby planets. They do, however, tend to calm down as they age, so it isnt an impossibility. It just means that we should temper our expectations a bit. Whatever we find, or dont find, out there, the fact that we are about to have the capability to look at all is a game-changer. As the paper concludes, with the launch of JWST, humanity may be very close to an important milestone in SETI [the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence], one where we are capable of detecting from nearby stars not just powerful, deliberate, transient, and highly directional transmissions like our own (such as the Arecibo Message), but consistent, passive technosignatures of the same strength as our own. Citation: Webb Telescope might be able to detect other civilizations by their air pollution (2022, February 21) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-webb-telescope-civilizations-air-pollution.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220221_173939_lva_C000068_A000018	www.businessinsider.com	https://www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-defends-itself-against-carl-icahn-in-escalating-animal-rights-war-2022-2	LVA	McDonalds is pushing back against Carl Icahn in a battle over its pork production. Icahn has slammed the fast-food chain for its use of gestation crates for pregnant pigs. Icahn is a majority owner of a meat packaging company and has not called for similar commitments. Loading Something is loading. McDonalds is pushing back against billionaire investor Carl Icahn in a battle over its treatment of pigs.Last week, Icahn McDonalds for its use of gestation crates for pregnant pigs, which have been widely criticized as inhumane devices. In 2012, the fast-food chain had initially pledged to order suppliers to do away with the crates over a 10 year period. But now that the decade is up, Icahn has said the company has failed to live up to its goal.You gotta live up to your promise, and you got to do this, Icahn told Bloomberg he was introduced to the issue of gestation crates from his daughter, who was involved with the Humane Society. He described the issue as emotional, not financial. The activist investor is known to take large positions in public companies before agitating for change. But in the case of McDonalds, Icahn has said he has 200 shares, worth about $50,000.McDonalds is now going on the offense. In a news release on Sunday, McDonalds noted that Icahn is a majority owner of Viskase, a company that produces packaging and casings for the pork and poultry industry.Mr. Icahns ownership provides him with unique exposure to the industry-wide challenges and opportunities in migrating away from gestation crates, the fast-food chain said in the release. Thus, its noteworthy that Mr. Icahn has not publicly called on Viskase to adopt commitments similar to those of McDonalds 2012 commitment.The investor over two seats on the fast-food chains board, nominating Leslie Samuelrich and Maisie Ganzler to stand for election at this years annual meeting, McDonalds confirmed.Samuelrich is a president at Green Century Capital Management, an environmentally and sustainably focused investment firm, according to her Ganzler is chief strategy and brand officer at the sustainable food service company Bon Appétit Management, according to her . But the Golden Arches is pushing back against Icahn, defending its pioneering commitment to leading the industrys production of pork. An estimated 30 to 35% of US pork production has moved to group housing systems, McDonalds said in the statement.Despite McDonalds progress, Mr. Icahn has instead asked for new commitments, including to require all of McDonalds US pork suppliers to move to crate-free pork, and set specific timeframes for doing so, the restaurant chain said in the news release. While the Company looks forward to promoting further collaboration across the industry on this issue, the current pork supply in the US would make this type of commitment impossible. Furthermore, it reflects a departure from the veterinary science used for large-scale production throughout the industry, and would harm the Companys shared pursuit of providing customers with high-quality products at accessible prices.The restaurant chain said that the fast-food company expects to source 85 to 90% of its US pork from sows not housed in gestation crates during pregnancy, and that it expects all of its pork will come from sows housed in groups by the end of 2024.Representatives for Carl Icahn did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Insider. 
20220221_173939_irl_C000071_A000031	www.buzz.ie	https://www.buzz.ie/news/nasa-international-space-station-decommission-26292195	IRL	The United States’ has for the International Space Station (ISS) to be decommissioned in 2031. The International Space Station The ISS allowed for a collaboration between five space agencies - The US, Russia, Europe, Canada and Japan. It was built in modules by many different countries which only came into contact with each other when in space. The structure is now as long as a football field and was originally commissioned for a 15-year lifespan. The station has already been in operation 21 years but will be tapped out before it reaches its 35th birthday. Research on the ISS has contributed to development in health sciences, it has helped to tracked the world’s natural disasters in real time, tested spacecraft and, of course, has given us insights into how long term spaceflight will affect humans. BAIKONUR, KAZAKHSTAN - DECEMBER 8, 2021: The Soyuz 2.1a carrier rocket with the Soyuz MS-20 spacecraft carrying Roscosmos cosmonaut Alexander Misurkin and Japanese space tourists Yusaku Maezawa and Yozo Hirano blasts off from Baikonur Cosmodrome to the International Space Station (ISS). Sergei Savostyanov/TASS How the ISS will come down In 2031, what remains of the ISS will fall into the middle of the Pacific Ocean at a location called Point Nemo - the furthest point for all civilisation. It is also known as the ‘spacecraft graveyard’. The ISS will leave space in a planned and controlled de-orbit operation. First, newly built modules will detach from the main structure and remain in orbit so that they can be reattached to new space stations. Then the ISS will be decelerated by onboard thrusters, causing its orbiting altitude to gradually lower over several months. The descent will become more rapid but controlled by a series of space crafts sent to attach to the structure and steer it before it falls to Earth. The majority of the structure will burn away as it re-enters the atmosphere, the remaining mass should find its way to Point Nemo - it’s final resting place. The end of the ISS After dozens of launches since 1998 to get the ISS up and running, the station will be decommissioned in nine years’ time. There are already signs that the infrastructure isn’t as good as it one was. Every time the ISS orbits the earth, it gets scorched by solar radiation on one side and freezes on the other, this leads to structural degradation. The ISS is also threatened by . While Nasa feels that the ISS is nearing its end of life, other nations involved in the station have yet to sign off on its plan. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220221_173939_tza_C000089_A000021	www.polygon.com	https://www.polygon.com/22944261/lost-ark-servers-europe-central-at-capacity	TZA	European players of the hit massively multiplayer game Lost Ark have faced long login queues since the game’s launch — and now developer Smilegate RPG and Western publisher Amazon Games have admitted that there isn’t much they can do to improve the situation, due to the inflexibility of the game’s architecture. , Smilegate and Amazon said that they cannot expand capacity for the Europe Central region further. As , a new Europe West server region has been added. But with no character transfers possible and no cross-region play, this does little to help players who have invested time on the Europe Central servers. “We know that players are still experiencing long queues in Europe,” the development team said in the post. “The Europe Central region is at capacity and unfortunately there is no way to increase the number of players per world in Europe Central. Adding more servers is not possible based on the complexity of all the systems that need to work together.” The team noted that the Europe West region “is an appealing option for new players or for players who have not significantly progressed on Europe Central.” Players who purchased Founders Packs for the free-to-play game have been awarded a second variation of the packs, to make it possible to switch servers without leaving the goodies they had already claimed behind. The post noted that server transfer functionality has, in fact, just been rolled out in Korea, where Lost Ark has been available since 2019. But it is a manual, weekly batch process and does not support cross-region transfers, so it would not help Europe Central players in their current plight. “We will not rest until we’ve exhausted all options,” the developers said. The Lost Ark team said they were actively working on a number of other fixes, notably to improve matchmaking, reduce gold-seller spam, and improve the stability of Crystalline Aura, an in-game subscription system that provides various benefits to your character on a rolling basis. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000089_A000028	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-10536195/Man-United-goalkeeper-David-Gea-reveals-leaving-Old-Trafford.html	TZA	I feel as if Im from Manchester: David De Gea insists he cannot see himself EVER leaving Old Trafford ahead of his return to boyhood club Atletico Madrid in the Champions League this weekDavid de Gea joined Man United from boyhood club Atletico Madrid in 2011The goalkeeper faces his former side in the Champions League on Wednesday Ahead of his return, the Spaniard claimed he feels like he is a Manchester native The 31-year-old insisted he is going to his hometown looking for a United win By Published: 18:55 BST, 21 February 2022 | Updated: 20:46 BST, 21 February 2022 goalkeeper has revealed he cannot see himself moving away from Old Trafford ahead of facing his former side .The Madrid native will face his boyhood club for the first time since his 2011 move to United on Wednesday in their last-16 tie.Despite returning to his hometown, the Spaniard claimed he now considers himself a Manchester local and suggested he intends to stay at United. Man United goalkeeper David de Gea cannot see himself moving away from Old TraffordI like the fact I was born in Madrid, but at the end of the day, its just a city, he told . Now I feel as if Im from Manchester; I just feel like anyone else from Manchester. Where you are loved and welcomed is your home. Ive been here for many years and, obviously, anything can happen in life, in the world of football, but honestly I dont see myself away from Manchester United. The 31-year-old will face his former side Atletico Madrid this week in the Champions LeagueOf course, Im going back home [for this tie], Im going back to the club that gave me the opportunity to be who I am today. But this is just another match. Everyone wants to play well, we want to win, it is a Champions League match. Obviously, I wish Atletico all the best, but I dont know whether the fact were playing them is a good or bad omen. Everyone is going there to win, especially me.The 31-year-olds contract at Old Trafford is set to expire in 2023 but his comments appear to suggest he is open to an extension. The Spaniards contract at United is set to expire in 2023 but he suggested he wants to stayDe Gea broke through at Atletico but could face a mixed welcome after he almost made the move to rivals Real Madrid in 2015. He claimed he owed his self-belief and mental strength to his breakthrough as a teenager at Atletico. At that moment, I was kind of the third-choice goalkeeper [behind Sergio Asenjo and Roberto], he said. I have always believed in myself, I used to train a lot and just tried to prove: I am here, I may be young but Im good enough. De Gea claimed he owed his self-belief and mental strength to his breakthrough as a teenager I tried to do my best, and then, it was fortunate for me but unfortunate for Roberto that he got injured and I got the chance to prove that I was good enough.When Quique [Sanchez Flores] arrived, the team changed. We won game after game, and there was a moment when Asenjo and I were both available and he chose me. I played nearly every game. We made it to the final of the UEFA Europa League, and we won it. We also made it to the final of the Copa del Rey. We lost, but at least we made it to the final. And then we won the UEFA Super Cup against that great Inter side. Share or comment on this article: 
20220221_173939_tza_C000089_A000029	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-10534929/Premier-League-POWER-RANKINGS-Luis-Diaz-makes-10-new-leader.html	TZA	How telling a week could this round of fixtures be at the end of the season? Manchester City were stunned at home by Antonio Contes inspired Tottenham side, spearheaded by Harry Kane (more on him later), while at the other end of the table, there were huge wins for Watford and . Newcastle maintained their rich vein of form with a hard-fought point against Europe-chasing West Ham, while lowly Everton were sunk in Southampton. and Chelsea picked up slender wins over rivals and Crystal Palace and Liverpool survived a brief second half scare. The Reds went a goal down to basement boys Norwich in the second half but fought back magnificently to keep the pressure on City. So, with that in mind, meet your latest Top 10 of our Power Rankings... Manchester City were stunned at home by Tottenham in a result to give hope to Liverpool 1. Bowen2. Sterling3. De Bruyne4. Jimenez5. Fabinho6. Burn7. Ramsey8. Trippier9. Ward-Prowse10. Kilman 10. Luis Diaz (new entry)I have a feeling Liverpools new boy might become a regular feature of this list. He has taken to life on Merseyside like a duck to water and was given a start against Norwich with both Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino out injured. While Liverpool struggled to break down the Canaries for the first hour, Diaz was constantly on the move and looked extremely sharp. After Sadio Mane and Mo Salah had put the Reds back in front, Diaz then netted his first goal for the club. It was a wonderfully timed run, picked out by Jordan Henderson and Diaz took one look up before chipping the ball into the far corner. The intelligence, pace and composure Liverpool spent Ł37million on in January was there for all to see and he already looks a brilliant talent. If Jota and Firmino are out for a prolonged spell, Diaz will have to carry an attacking burden Klopp did not want to put on him straight away but he has already proven the quality is there to be relied upon. Luis Diaz scored his first goal for Liverpool in the 3-1 victory over Norwich at the weekend 9. Dan Burn (down three)The Newcastle fan, now Magpies centre back, entered the list last week for a commanding display in the win over Aston Villa. He was at the heart of their rearguard effort again in the draw against West Ham. Although he did get booked for rash challenge on Jarrod Bowen, the towering defender was a colossus once more and Eddie Howe will be delighted at the way hes shored things up at the back. The Magpies have been like a sieve defensively this season but Burn is a real presence and plays with all the passion of a fan of his boyhood club. With Kieran Trippier out injured, the onus is on him as one of the new signings to make the difference in the coming weeks and hes started superbly. Dan Burn typified Newcastles fighting spirit, pictured here clashing with Jarrod Bowen 8. Jadon Sancho (new entry) Jadon Sancho showed all the skill, timing and composure that made him top of Uniteds wanted list when he was thriving at Borussia Dortmund. He was the best player on the pitch at Elland Road, showing he could handle the heat of the rivalry game with ice in his veins. Sancho delivered a perfect chipped ball for Bruno Fernandes to make it 2-0 on the stroke of half time. And he was again on hand to put on an assist when his side needed it, teeing up Fred to score the goal that put United back in command. Sancho has rightly had his critics but really seems to be picking up momentum now and the confidence is there again. Ralf Rangnick will hope he can continue in the same fashion as his side aim to lock down a place in the top four this term. Jadon Sancho delivered one of his best Manchester United performances against Leeds7. Eric Dier (new entry)Dier is becoming a really important player under Antonio Conte at Tottenham and was at the heart of their defensive effort at Man City. Alongside Christian Romero, Dier tracked runners, made clearances and stood firm in the face of an onslaught. City did score twice but neither were Diers fault and his recent rejuvenation is a huge boost for England too. After flirting with life in midfield for a time, centre back appears to be a much better fit for him and if theres a manager who can turn him into a miserly defender, it is Conte. The pressure came in wave after wave at City and if it hadnt been for Harry Kanes heroics, Dier would have been up there for man of the match. Eric Dier was at the heart of the defence for Tottenham in their win over Manchester City6. Raul Jimenez (down two)A quieter afternoon for the Wolves striker moved him down a couple of spots but his hold up play was still important in the win over Leicester. He teed up Ruben Neves with a lovely cushioned ball back into the Portugueses path in the first half, duly converted to give them the lead. Jimenez remains the focal point of the team up front and the European charge is well under way for Bruno Lages men. Hes starting to look like the player he was before that horrendous head injury sidelined him. He played the full 90 minutes and worked tirelessly against the Foxes on Sunday to help move the Molineux club up to seventh in the Premier League. Raul Jimenez provided the assist for Ruben Neves opening goal against Leicester5. Mohamed Salah (new entry)Those painful AFCON memories are fading away with every goal back at Liverpool and Salah scored another absolute beauty for the Reds. It was his 150th goal for the club and summed him up, putting them in the lead by sending two Norwich players the wrong way, wrong-footing the goalkeeper and stroking the ball into the net. Salah remains the most potent threat in a team full of attacking weapons. He had quiet spells against Norwich but theres no way opposition sides can keep him out of the action for a full game. Salah had so much to do when the ball fell to him but manufactured the goal on his own and almost netted a similar individual effort to his incredible one against Man City earlier this season. Mohamed Salah netted Liverpools second goal in their comeback win over Norwich 4. Raheem Sterling (down two)An off afternoon for Sterling, who had shot into the Power Rankings last week following his brilliant hat-trick. He was unable to unlock the Tottenham defence on a frustrating afternoon and has move down two spots as a result. Sterling was the only attacker Pep Guardiola chose to substitute off in the game, opting to bring on Riyad Mahrez, who converted the penalty to make it 2-2. This is only likely to be a small bump in the road for the England winger and he has looked back to his best recently. There was a time when his days looked numbered at the club but if City go on to win one or more trophies this season, he is likely to play a major role. Raheem Sterling was unable to help Manchester City unlock the Tottenham defence 3. Kevin de Bruyne (no change)As with Sterling, De Bruyne cut a frustrated figure for much of the afternoon against Spurs. City enjoyed more than 70 per cent possession but could only muster four shots on target all game. Some of that responsibility must lie with the Belgian as their most creative midfield player. The City juggernaut will roll on regardless and Guardiola was not overly disappointed with the performance. De Bruyne will be back to the fore when City travel to face struggling Everton next and the champions will expect to find far more joy in the final third. Kevin de Bruyne battled hard but lacked his usual cutting edge against Tottenham2. Jarrod Bowen (down one)Bowen has been a revelation this season but is knocked off top spot in the Power Rankings this week. There were a couple of moments against Newcastle when he turned a defender to fire a pot shot in but the Englishman was unable to threaten much. To expect a goal contribution from the wideman every week is asking a lot but he will soon build on his eight goals and assists this season. Next up for David Moyes men is another home game but against in-form Wolves, who have one of the stingiest defences in the league. Bowen will have his work cut out if he is to avoid sliding further down our list next week. Jarrod Bowen moves down a place in our top 10 after Newcastle held firm at West Ham 1. Harry Kane (new entry) From nowhere, Kane romps into top spot. While theres no question he benefited from last weeks top five having a drop in performances, the quality of his showing at the Etihad was remarkably high. Perhaps it came somewhat out of the blue as this season has been a struggle at times for the England striker. But he showed just why City were so interested in signing him in the summer and although he denied it, there must have been an extra edge, wanting to justify himself. His pass around the corner for Son led to the first goal and was expertly executed and the deftness of touch to double Spurs lead was magnificent. He only needed sniff late in the game to snatch all three points, darting across his marker to thump a header home and stun the home fans. Pep Guardiola (and Craig Pawson) looked shellshocked on the sidelines but the day belonged to Kane and Spurs. Harry Kane was magnificent in the win of the weekend and moves into our No 1 spot 
20220221_173939_tza_C000089_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/artemis-i-moon-rocet-engine-tested	TZA	All core stage rocket engines on NASAs moon rocket performed as expected in a recent series of tests that followed a replacement of a faulty control mechanism in one of those engines, the agency said.A faulty controller on the RS-25 engine number 4 forced the space agency to delay its upcoming uncrewed moon mission, , which will mark the beginning of humanitys return to the . The RS-25 engines, manufactured by Aerojet Rocketdyne, are a legacy technology from the era. There are four RS-25 engines powering the core stage of the (SLS) moon rocket. During the latest power up of the Artemis I SLS core stage, performed by NASA in cooperation with the engine-maker earlier this month, all four engine controllers performed as expected. These engine controllers communicate with the rest of the rocket, providing precision control and internal health diagnostics. Related: The fault in the engine four controller was caused by a faulty memory chip, which is used during the controller start-up sequence and has no impact on controller operations beyond that point, NASA said. Engineers found no indication of faulty memory chips on the other three engines, and therefore no related constraints to the test that needs to be performed ahead of the launch, NASA added.The fault, however, forced NASA to postpone the Artemis I launch to no earlier than April. Teams at Kennedy Space Center in Florida are now completing pre-flight diagnostic tests, including testing the flight termination system and instaling instrumentation on the twin solid rocket boosters.The rocket is expected to be rolled out to Launch Pad 39B in March for the wet dress rehearsal test, during which the teams will fuel the rocket and run through the pre-launch sequence all the way to the countdown.The wet dress rehearsal test is designed to verify the performance of the SLS rocket, the and the ground systems at Kennedy. NASA will only set a launch date for the Artemis I mission following the wet dress rehearsal. Follow Tereza Pultarova on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter and on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220221_173939_can_C000090_A000013	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/europe/live-news/ukraine-russia-news-02-20-22-intl/h_0b471a2e630cd6b08dd9a43ed30477e1	CAN	Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby holds a news briefing at the Pentagon on February 14, in Arlington, Virginia. (Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images)Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby doubled down on the Biden administrations strategy of using the threat of sanctions as a deterrent and rejected increased calls for imposing pre-invasion sanctions, saying, [Russian President Vladimir Putin] has not conducted another invasion in Ukraine yet, and we still think theres time to prevent that.Its supposed to be a deterrent. If you punish somebody for something they havent done yet, then they might as well just go ahead and do it, Kirby added. And were hoping that that could affect the calculous of Mr. Putin. Kirby said on Fox News Sunday that Putin still has many options on the table if he chooses to take a diplomatic off-ramp to the tensions, saying, We have made serious proposals and talked about changing, for instance, the scope and scale of some of our exercises in Europe, being willing to talk about offensive missile capabilities in Europe. We have certainly put forward other proposals to try to convince Mr. Putin that were serious. Kirby made clear the issue of Ukraines membership in NATO, however, is an issue for Ukraine and for NATO. That is not something that Mr. Putin can simply institute a veto over or decide for himself, that kind of thing is again between the alliance and Ukraine. Some context: Kirby would not address individual claims made by Putin, but he characterized them as outrageous claims and said, on the whole, these are just not credible. He said that Putin is playing the victim, which he said is exactly out of the Russian playbook.It is absolutely right out of the Russian playbook. He may be moving Xs and Os around the field right now militarily, but it seems like hes using the same old playbook, Kirby said, adding, And I dont want to make light of this analogy. This isnt a football game. This is potentially war and lives are at stake here. 
20220221_173939_can_C000090_A000020	mobilesyrup.com	https://mobilesyrup.com/2022/02/21/street-fighter-6-announced-capcom/	CAN	Following several months of rumours, Capcom has officially announced Street Fighter 6. Capcom previously launched a countdown, ticking down until around midnight earlier today. Upon the countdown reaching its conclusion, the would be continuing with a new entry into the franchise. VIDEO The teaser trailer that accompanied the announcement featured series figurehead Ryu ready for a fight. As he emerges from the shadows, he’s met by newcomer Luke. As the 45th character introduced in , it was expected that he would be featured in the sequel. Luke squares off against Ryu as the trailer concludes. While Capcom revealed Street Fighter 6, ensuring fans that a new entry is on the horizon, very few details were given. The trailer unfortunately does not serve up any actual gameplay. However, what Capcom did release does a pretty good job of setting the tone. Street Fighter 6 may take a more grounded and darker approach. Though, it remains to be seen whether that translates to the final product. The announcement of Street Fighter 6 coincides with the 35th anniversary of Capcom’s IP. On top of announcing the new mainline entry, Capcom also revealed the Capcom Fighting Collection. This includes 10 classic titles, including the Darkstalkers games. Capcom Fighting Collection will launch on June 24, 2022, on PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox One. Capcom has not confirmed when the sequel will be launching. Additionally, Capcom has not announced any platforms. Street Fighter 5 is a PlayStation exclusive. There is no indication whether Street Fighter 6 will be available on Xbox or other platforms. Image credit: Capcom Source: 
20220221_173939_pak_C000095_A000021	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/gadgets-news/oppos-flagship-phone-find-x5-pro-dimensity-edition-specifications-tipped-ahead-of-launch/articleshow/89728339.cms	PAK	Chinese smartphone giant will be hosting a launch event in its home country on February 24 at 7PM (Beijing time). The company is going to launch its flagship smartphone line-up Oppo Find X5 series in China at this event. The Oppo Find X5 series will include three smartphones — the Oppo Find X5 Pro Dimensity edition, Find X5 Pro, Find X5. The company has confirmed this with an official tweet. The company is also expected to launch the Oppo Pad Tablet and the Enco X2 TWS earbuds in the same event. The Oppo Find X5 Pro Dimensity edition will be the world’s first smartphone to be powered by the flagship MediaTek Dimensity 9000 processor. Mashable reported that the specification of the upcoming smartphone has been leaked online before its official launch. Oppo Find X5 Pro Dimensity edition leaked specificationsReports suggest that the upcoming Oppo Find X5 Pro Dimensity edition will sport a 6.7-inch AMOLED E4 display, which is expected to come with a screen resolution of 3216 x 1440 pixels and a 120Hz refresh rate. The display is also expected to feature the LTPO 1.0 technology. The device is expected to feature a 50MP primary camera in the rear and a 32MP front camera for selfies and video calls. As mentioned earlier, this smartphone is expected to be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 9000 chipset backed with 12GB RAM and 256 GB internal storage. On the other hand, the Snapdragon version is expected to be available in three different memory and storage options, which include 8GB RAM + 256GB ROM, 12GB RAM + 256GB ROM and 12GB RAM + 512GB ROM. The device is expected to pack a 5000 mAh battery that comes with 80W fast charging and 50W wireless charging support. It is expected to run on ColorOS 12.1 based on the latest Android 12. The device is likely to weigh around 216-grams. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000095_A000022	arynews.tv	https://arynews.tv/iphone-15-pro-will-be-first-apple-phone-without-a-notch/	PAK	LeaksApplePro has claimed that Apple is making a lot of effort on the under-screen camera technology. With respect to the notch, there are speculations that the iPhone 15 Pro may be the first iPhone to delete this design. Reports said, Apple initially planned to add an under-screen camera to the 13 Pro device. However, the under-screen camera technology is still very far from perfect. There is a lot of work to be done on this technology. Thus, Apple decided to postpone it for a few years for research. Since the advent of iPhones, they either use a really thick top frame or use a notch design. The iPhone 15 Pro may be the first iPhone without any of these designs. However, Apple will not release this device until September next year. As for the upcoming 14 series devices, there is no certainty with regard to its design. Most likely, the iPhone 14 series will continue the notch design of the iPhone 13 series. Read more: According to iDROPNEWS, after several conversations with relevant authorities, it can now be confirmed that Apple engineers will no longer develop the under-screen fingerprint recognition for the phone. Apple now wants to take its time in the development of an under-screen camera. Although this feature is already commercial on Android, its performance is below par. Thus, Apple still has the opportunity to develop this and be a force to reckon with. Comments 
20220221_173939_pak_C000095_A000023	www.thenews.com.pk	https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/935623-farhan-akhtar-shibani-dandekar-hand-out-sweets-in-first-appearance-as-married-couple	PAK	Farhan Akhtar and Shibani Dandekar marked their first appearance as a married couple with a sweet gestureNewly-wed Farhan Akhtar and Shibani Dandekar marked their first public appearance as a married couple with a sweet gesture. In pictures shared by India Today, Farhan and Shibani made for a dazzling duo with Farhan choosing to step into a cream and gold outfit and Shibani opting for a stunning pale pink saree. The new bride kept her style classic with traditional jewellery adorning her neck and ears and her hair pulled up in a messy updo. The couple was snapped distributing traditional mithai (sweets) to the paparazzi stationed to snap their first post-wedding photos and the sweet gesture did not go unnoticed by fans who lauded them for it. Farhan and Shibani tied the knot in a private ceremony at the former’s family farmhouse in Khandala on February 19.In attendance were the couple’s close friends and family including Hrithik Roshan, Rhea Chakraborty, Amrita Arora etc. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000095_A000025	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/bollywood/inside-jehs-first-birthday-bash-saif-ali-khan-poses-for-the-perfect-family-photo-sara-ibrahim-taimur-7784347/	PAK	Kareena Kapoor and Sara Ali Khan shared photos from the birthday celebration on their social media handles. While Kareena shared the perfect family photo featuring Saif surrounded by his four kids (Sara, Ibrahim, Taimur and Jeh), Sara posted more pictures from the birthday bash. The Atrangi Re actor gave an adorable glimpse of the revelries that took place in the Khan household. She captioned the images, “Happiest First Birthday Baby J <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>.” Fans quickly flooded the post with heart emojis. One user wrote, “Love this,” while another user mentioned, “Gorgeous lady, nice pics.” On the work front, was last seen in the Disney Plus Hotstar movie Bhoot Police, while Kareena Kapoor Khan is looking forward to the release of -starrer Laal Singh Chaddha. Sara Ali Khan was last seen in the Aanand L Rai movie Atrangi Re. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000096_A000022	www.albawaba.com	https://www.albawaba.com/business/8-best-smartphones-300-or-less-2022-1467046	KEN	Buying a new phone can be a little bothersome for some of us, let alone when it costs a whole lot of money. However, in a world where technological advancements are at every corner, companies are introducing high quality smartphones for a maximum of $300! And if you ask me, a smartphone for only $300 can be quite tempting! Here are the 8 best smartphones that will cost you $300 or less: 1. Xiaomi POCO X3 PRO Source: shutterstock Released less than a year ago, the POCO X3 PRO is being sold for $252 and $289.99 for the 128GB 6GB RAM and the 256GB 8GB RAM on Amazon, respectively. The POCO X3 PRO has a great style and is said to accommodate gaming in a fast and seamless manner. 2. Samsung Galaxy A50 Source: shutterstock One thing that helps the Android system gain a competitive edge is that it caters to different needs. With the Samsung Galaxy A50 64GB 4GB RAM being sold at only $279 on Amazon, it is providing its customers with a high end smartphone at a good price. Even with an affordable smartphone, Samsung made sure to maintain its high quality display and fast charging feature. 3. Samsung Galaxy A32 5G Source: shutterstock With the of the Samsung Galaxy A32 5G around $279.99, Samsung lovers are getting a smartphone with 5G connectivity for an affordable price. 4. Motorola Moto G Power Source: Said to have a battery life of 3 days and a triple camera, the Motorola Moto G Power seems like a great choice with an affordable of $179.99. In addition, the Moto G Power reportedly has a high performance and an AI-powered camera! 5. OnePlus Nord N10 5G Source: Another 5G smartphone that is giving its users high data speed and a fast refresh display is the OnePlus Nord N10 5G which is being for only $168.99. 6. Motorola Moto G Stylus Sources: While it had a price of $299.99, the Motorola Moto G Stylus is now being sold for $199.99 on Amazon as of writing! Despite the fact that unlike Moto G Power, its battery only lasts up to 2 days, customers are still getting a good smartphone for a good price. 7. TCL 20S Source: One of the best smartphones you can for $249.99 is the TCL 20S, which also seems to have a long battery life and pretty good performance. 8. OnePlus Nord N200 5G Source: shutterstock The OnePlus Nord N200 5G is one of the cheapest 5G smartphones you can get your hands on. For a of $209, you will be getting a great value deal. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000096_A000031	www.cnet.com	https://www.cnet.com/how-to/how-to-watch-a-stadium-size-potentially-hazardous-asteroid-zip-by-earth-today/	KEN	A space rock measuring a fifth of a mile across (about a third of a kilometer) is set to fly by Earth on Monday, and one online observatory is offering a close-up look. The asteroid named 1999 VF22 will officially be nearest to our planet at 11:54 p.m. PT, when it zips past at a distance over 3.3 million miles (5.4 million kilometers), its closest pass in over a century. For comparison, our moon orbits at less than 250,000 miles (400,000 kilometers) away most of the time. That means this aircraft carrier-sized asteroid poses absolutely no threat to any person or planet you know. But it is still considered potentially hazardous by . This label doesnt take into account any actual degree of risk or threat to our world. Basically, anything coming closer than 4.6 million miles thats big enough to have a brightness of at least magnitude 22 gets tagged potentially hazardous.The size of 1999 VF22 also means astronomers will be able to study it using radar and telescopes. The , based in Rome, will be sharing its observations online Monday. for EarthSky that you can use a (large) backyard telescope to watch it slide past. As the name suggests, 1999 VF22 was originally discovered in 1999, by the Catalina Sky Survey in Arizona. The online watch party starts at 4 p.m. PT and you can join below. If you miss it this time around, it will be a long wait before this particular asteroid returns for a slightly closer pass, in 2150. 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000099_A000036	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220221/SARS-CoV-2-Omicron-variant-prompts-system-sciences-and-precision-medicine.aspx	BWA	The Omicron (B.1.1.529) variant of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) was detected in South Africa in November 2021. The World Health Organization (WHO) declared Omicron as a variant of concern (VOC) two days after it was reported by the Network of Genomics Surveillance in South Africa. This variant was found to be highly transmissible and infectious, invades natural defense mechanisms of the body, is less responsive to vaccines, and is highly mutable – with 50 new mutations detected, of which 30 were found at the . Study: . Image Credit: Fit Ztudio/Shutterstock By January 2022, Omicron spread in more than 145 countries, with the transmission rate doubling within 2-3 days. It was declared as a serious concern in Europe and an emergency in the UK. The study A recent article, published in , aimed to describe the emergence of the Omicron variant, its structure, its impact on health and health systems, the challenges that can be expected due to this variant and presented various predictions by experts regarding this VOC and the management strategies for the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection caused by this variant. The present review entailed a comparison between the Delta variant and the Omicron variant where the Delta variant was established as more contagious compared to the Omicron variant; the latter being more infectious and transmissible. The Omicron variant exhibited 15 mutations at the receptor-binding domain (RBD) whereas the Delta variant showed only two mutations. These mutations are said to render higher infectivity, transmissibility and resistance to treatments and vaccines to the Omicron variant – which now accounts for nearly 90% out of the total COVID-19 infections globally. Findings In a study where cryo-electron microscopy (Cryo-EM) analysis of human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) in complex with the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant was carried out, it was found that the affinity of Omicron spike protein to human ACE2 is similar to that of the Delta variant. Neutralization assays showed increased antibody evasion in the Omicron variant, whereas for the Beta and Delta variants, immune escape was not evident – in population-wide epidemiological studies. Recent reports suggest that the altered active and blocking sites in the Omicron variant results in the decreased efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines against the virus. Reportedly, an impairment has been found in the Omicron variant’s spike fusogenicity, which causes the decreased formation of syncytes leading to a reduced replication of transfected cells of the lung. However, the involvement of any other organ or organ systems remains unclear. Scientists state that mutations render the Omicron variant partially resistant to natural immunity, monoclonal antibodies, and vaccine . Evidence suggests altered natural and vaccine-induced immunities in humans against the Omicron variant. The foremost thing in the management of the infected patients is diagnosis through polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and antigen COVID-19 tests—as these can effectively detect the Omicron variant because of its association with the S-protein. Nonetheless, these methods are time-consuming and expensive. Alternatively, using nanoparticles for isolating RNA or DNA from samples via magnetic field can aid in rapid diagnosis. The nano-enabled SARS-CoV-2 sensors selectively detect virus concentration even at low levels (picomolar level). Other efficient biomarkers have been investigated for selective detection of SARS-CoV-2, such as, segment selective DNA/RNA, antibodies and CIRSR/Cas. These nanotechnology-supported biosensing systems need validation and confirmatory epidemiologically before use in clinical and point-of-care (POC) testing. These biosensors are yet to be tested against the Omicron variant, although theoretically they are speculated to be effective as they act against the spike protein. Because of the numerous mutations at the spike protein of the Omicron variant, a well-designed and highly validated diagnostic tool is warranted for detecting and confirming this variant in large populations. The internet of medical things (IoMT)- supported biosensing approach and artificial intelligence (AI) utilizes the information regarding viral load to understand disease progression and assess treatment efficacy. These can be used in the detection of the Omicron variant and also as a part of telemedicine for analyzing health consequences with reference to medical conditioning/profiling of individuals. Hence, personalized monitoring of the Omicron variant’s infection progression can be done. To prevent viral infection and transmission, proper hygiene must be maintained, protective devices and masks should be used. In addition, implementation of physical distancing, mass testing, restricted travels, patient-tracking, and home testing campaigns should be strictly followed. Special care should be taken while monitoring high-risk populations. Ready-to-market multidisciplinary approaches to bedside or point-of-care (POC) platforms could help in the appropriate management of the Omicron variant. More effective diagnostic tools and therapeutic modalities should be developed through personalized/precision medicine. A booster dose following full vaccination has proven to be effective against COVID-19 infection. Nanotechnology can be used to optimize treatments through developed therapies and vaccines. As SARS-CoV-2 infection can affect different organs, there is an urgent need for the therapeutics to be investigated; infection-associated side effects to be analyzed, and post-infection recovery of a patient to be monitored – to achieve the novel pharmacological relevant therapeutic involvement in every aspect of nanomedicine. There exists an urgent need to engineer available vaccines that can be delivered at the target site through nanomedical approaches. Other therapeutic agents can be used along with nanomedicine to manage post-infection consequences—nutraceuticals can be a good choice. Optimization of nutraceuticals and nanomedicine—formulated by an engineered vaccine as precision medicine—can be undertaken. This can further be formulated as personalized medicine according to a patient’s health profile. Artificial intelligence (AI), big data reservoirs, subtype science, and bioinformatics systems are the formidable armamentarium that is leading to more specific therapies and better patient outcomes. Discussion and conclusions According to health experts, a multidisciplinary approach is required to combat this third wave of COVID-19 pandemic, including a further understanding of the infection caused by the predominant Omicron variant. AI can be used to design new therapies or monitor drugs and disease management strategies; for increasing the awareness about vaccination, especially the booster dose programs; in using biomedical/biotechnology-based approaches that are focused in developing better testing systems; for gene sequencing and more effective therapies; and to ensure a better public-private partnership for health wellness and regulatory socioeconomic balance. There is an urgent need to pay attention to the viral evolution, transmission, disease course and prognosis, while not discounting the epidemiology of the disease and prophylactic vaccinations – to combat COVID-19, as well as any future pandemics. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000111_A000021	gamerant.com	https://gamerant.com/guardians-of-the-galaxy-underperformed-sales/	NZL	Marvels Guardians of the Galaxy was quite the unexpected hit for many in 2021. Featuring a single player adventure that focused heavily on narrative features and the story of Peter Quill becoming the leader of the popular space-faring group, the game received critical praise following its release. It even went on to win the . For many, the game was a dark horse of 2021, as few expected it to be as well-received as it was. Following the controversial and criticized launch of Marvels Avengers, few were expecting Eidos Montreal and Square Enix to be able to completely flip the script and in the following year release a truly successful title. In the months following its release, Guardians of the Galaxy was seen as a success, with it holding an overwhelmingly positive amount of reviews currently on Steam. However, it seemed that even Square Enix was not expecting the game to do as well as it did, and that despite its critical praise, may have failed elsewhere. RELATED: According to a recent quarterly earnings report, Guardians of the Galaxy publisher Square Enix claims that the game underperformed in its launch sales. The company wrote in its report that the game’s sales on launch undershot our initial expectations. However, sales have grown since November 2021, likely caused by people picking up on all the was getting. Square Enix are expecting this growth in sales to continue as 2022 marches on. Its unsurprising that Marvels Guardians of the Galaxy is selling well even now, as Marvel games have proven that they have a certain longevity when it comes to new players joining the game. Where single player titles are concerned especially, games like Marvels Spider-Man is still seeing a strong community online with players still enjoying the 2018 game. After the , Square Enix lost a significant amount of money, so it is likely hoping for strong Guardians of the Galaxy sales to make up for that. With skepticism around the launch of Marvels Guardians of the Galaxy, it is impressive to see how far the game has come. Whether its sales will continue to boost Square Enixs income is unknown, though it already has many fans eyeing , and even looking into the past of the famous comic book team. Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy is available now on PC, PS4, PS5, Switch, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X. MORE: About The Author Alex Hopley (482 Articles Published) 
20220221_173939_phl_C000112_A000007	www.rappler.com	https://www.rappler.com/nation/university-philippines-manila-st-scholastica-college-message-government-natividad-castro-arrest/	PHL	UP Manila says Natividad Castro was practicing what the university has envisioned for its graduates: to be community-oriented using the primary healthcare approach intended for the underserved MANILA, Philippines – The University of the Philippines (UP) Manila and St. Scholastica’s College (SSC) have called on the government to uphold rule of law following the arrest of their alumna Dr. Natividad “Naty” Castro on Friday, February 18, over “alleged criminal actions.” “We are all concerned in the UP Manila, including the UP College of Medicine and the Philippine General Hospital (PGH), that another practicing doctor in the underserved areas where we we have asked graduates to serve is again being maligned and red-tagged,” UP Manila said in a statement on Sunday, February 20. “We still remember the sadness and anger [over] the deaths of our own graduates: Dr. Bobby dela Paz, Dr. Johnny Escandor, and Dr. Lou Tangco. We pray that this does not happen to Dr. Naty. May justice be served and her rights under rule of law be respected and upheld,” the university added. The statement was signed by UP Manila chancellor Carmencita Padilla, College of Medicine dean Charlotte Chiong, PGH director Gerardo Legaspi, and UP Medical Alumni Society president Ma. Cristina Crisologo. UP Manila said that Castro was practicing what the university has envisioned for its graduates: to be community-oriented using “the primary healthcare approach intended for the underserved.” “Dr. Naty has dedicated her medical career to providing health services to the poor people in the rural areas of Agusan and other parts of Mindanao as their community physician since 1996 after her graduation,” UP Manila said. In a separate statement on Friday, SSC condemned the arrest and said it was “ridiculous” to accuse Castro of such charges. “It is ridiculous to accuse Dr. Naty of kidnapping and illegal detention of those she is helping and whose human rights she is defending. It is unjust that one who has chosen to live in places that are not reached by the services that every human being is entitled to receive; one who has committed her life to give life to others, is now deprived of her right to life, a life that she has lived witnessing to Christ’s love and compassion,” the educational institution said in statement posted on its official Facebook page. Castro was the high school valedictorian of SSC Manila batch 1986 and was among the 100 most outstanding students of the educational institution in the last century. She graduated cum laude with a degree in Zoology at the UP Diliman, then later on at the UP College of Medicine in 1995. Prior to her arrest, Castro had been red-tagged for her human rights advocacy, according to her brother. She served as secretary general of rights group Karapatan in Caraga region. Before the pandemic began in March 2020, Castro started several health programs in Mindanao. She also brought a member of the Lumad community to the United Nations in Geneva to seek help against harassment in Lumad areas. The Philippine National Police confirmed Castro’s arrest and tagged her as an alleged central committee member of the Communist Party of the Philippines-New People’s Army (CPP-NPA). However, they denied that her “membership” in the local communist movement was the basis of the arrest “but her alleged criminal actions that constitute participation in a case of kidnapping with serious illegal detention.” Castro is the latest rights and development worker arrested since the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte intensified its against dissent. – Rappler.com 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000114_A000007	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/national/health/coronavirus/300523323/covid19-locations-of-interest-in-the-delta-and-omicron-outbreaks--february-22	NZL	A nightclub, flight and church are the latest locations of interest linked to the . People who visited Auckland nightclub Roxy, Central Worship Centre in Avondale and flight JQ285 from Auckland to Dunedin are considered close contacts of a Covid-19 case. Roxy was visited on February 20 between 12.30am to 2am and Central Worship Centre was visited on February 13 from 9am to 1.30pm.Ross Giblin/StuffA nightclub, flight and church are the latest locations of interest linked to the Covid-19 outbreaks. (File photo) Those sitting on rows 6 to 10 on the February 16 flight from Auckland to Dunedin are considered close contacts. Health officials are advising those people to self-isolate and get tested immediately and on day five. This list can be viewed in two ways: Date of visit (locations added today have the word NEW beside them) or, if you switch the toggle to Date included, newly added locations appear at the top of the list. If you were at a location of interest at one of the specified times, you may need to self-isolate and be tested. Follow the instructions for that location on the and call Healthline on 0800 358 5453 for advice on testing. This list is automatically updated as soon as locations of interest appear on the Ministry of Health website. 
20220221_173939_nga_C000129_A000005	www.premiumtimesng.com	https://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/top-news/512863-presidency-berates-csos-calling-for-assent-to-electoral-bill.html	NGA	The presidency on Monday described as “ignorant” the calls for President Muhammadu Buhari to sign the Electoral Act Amendment Bill into law. In a statement, the president’s media aide, Femi Adesina, said Civil Society Organisations that have been calling for assent to the bill are cashing in on the delay by the president to foment civil disorder and muddy the waters. He said the president has a window of 30 days within which to sign the Bill or decline assent. To this end, he said, the executive could do due diligence on it till March 1 since it was transmitted on January 31, 2022. “Some interest groups are cashing in on what they consider a delay in the signing of the Electoral Bill into law by the President to foment civil disorder and muddy the waters. “One can just pity their ignorance of Constitutional requirements… A proposed legislation that has to do with the electoral fortunes of the country needs to be thoroughly scrutinised, and be made as near-perfect as possible. “Those playing cheap politics with it are, therefore, encouraged to hold their peace, knowing that the right thing will be done within the lawful time,” part of the statement read. The statement comes amid calls from civic groups for the president to assent to the legislation on or before February 22. The lawmakers transmitted the bill to the president on January 31, for assent – after the latter had declined assent to the bill five times. In March 2018, he rejected the bill on grounds that it could usurp the powers of the electoral umpire, INEC. In July of the same year, he rejected the bill citing drafting issues. In September, he failed to act on the bill until the time frame elapsed. In December, his reason was that it was too close to the 2019 general elections. And in December 2021, he declined assent to the current bill based on the adoption of direct primaries as the only legally approved procedure for the nomination of candidates. In an interview, Mr Buhari promised to sign the legislation should the lawmakers review the bill and allow for more options for mode of primaries. Last month, both the Senate and amended the bill making provision for direct, indirect and consensus modes of primaries. It was transmitted to the president for assent a week later. While the president has 30 days to act on the bill, as prescribed in the constitution, civil groups have said if it is not signed by February 22, it could affect the schedule of the 2023 elections. In the new bill, INEC is required to issue Notice of Election not later than 360 days before the day appointed for an election and since INEC has fixed February 18, 2023 for the election, the bill has to be signed by February 22 for the law to take effect. Some CSOs have since declared Tuesday, February 22 as a day for National Protest – to demand immediate assent to the legislation. Read the full statement: STATE HOUSE PRESS RELEASE ASSENT TO ELECTORAL BILL: NO NEED FOR SABER RATTLING Some interest groups are cashing in on what they consider a delay in the signing of the Electoral Bill into law by the President to foment civil disorder and muddy the waters. One can just pity their ignorance of Constitutional requirements, as the President has a window of 30 days within which to sign the Bill, or decline assent, after it had been transmitted to him by the National Assembly. It is on record that the amended Bill was sent to the Presidency on January 31, 2022, which means that the Executive could do due diligence on it till March 1, as prescribed by the Constitution. A proposed legislation that has to do with the electoral fortunes of the country needs to be thoroughly scrutinized, and be made as near-perfect as possible. Those playing cheap politics with it are, therefore, encouraged to hold their peace, knowing that the right thing will be done within the lawful time. Femi Adesina Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) February 21, 2022 WATCH: Governor Yahaya Bellos Roadmap to Hope 2023 VIDEO Support PREMIUM TIMES journalism of integrity and credibility Good journalism costs a lot of money. Yet only good journalism can ensure the possibility of a good society, an accountable democracy, and a transparent government. For continued free access to the best investigative journalism in the country we ask you to consider making a modest support to this noble endeavour. By contributing to PREMIUM TIMES, you are helping to sustain a journalism of relevance and ensuring it remains free and available to all. TEXT AD: 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000133_A000018	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/us/growth-stocks-still-not-cheap-cautions-jpmorgan-2022-02-21/	ZWE	Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google logos are seen in this combination photo from Reuters files./File PhotoRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comLONDON, Feb 21 (Reuters) - Tech-dominated growth stocks are still not cheap despite some sharp falls over the last six months, analysts at U.S. investment bank JPMorgan cautioned on Monday.The so-called FAANGs have seen some of their COVID-era surges cut back this year, with Facebook down 38%, Apple down 5.7%, Amazon down 8.5% and Netflix and Google down 35% and 10% respectively. .JPMorgans analysts estimate that on average tech firms that are yet to even make a profit have lost 30% of their value since peaks around September last year, while fintech firms which focus on tech-savvy banking apps and tools have dropped 40%.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comAs Growth stocks weakened of late, they derated, but are still not outright cheap, JPMorgans analysts said in a note to clients, adding that banks and commodity-linked stocks which have rallied this year thanks to rising oil and metals prices or interest rates were still far from expensive.The chance is that the earnings of growth sectors might not be exceptional anymore, although the big driver remains bond market borrowing costs, which have shot up this year as top central banks have laid the groundwork for interest rate rises.Years of record-low rates have fuelled the tech stock rally but with those rates now rising again the appeal of stratospherically-valued tech stocks gets dimmer for investors, especially if their growth trajectories splutter.We believe that bond yields will keep moving higher through the course of the year, JPMorgan said referring to the bond market costsOur fixed income strategists expect U.S. 10-year (Treasury) yields to reach 2.35% by the end of this year, and German 10-year yields to reach 0.5%. Treasury yields are now at 1.92% and Germany bunds are at 0.2%.They also said that the tensions building between Russia and Western powers over Ukraine shouldnt drive a return to big tech names, which carved out a safe-haven reputation during the pandemic.While geopolitics could flare up into month end... we do not expect this to last, and call for risk-on internals to resume into spring.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Marc Jones Editing by Alistair BellOur Standards: 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000133_A000033	www.cnet.com	https://www.cnet.com/how-to/how-to-watch-a-stadium-size-potentially-hazardous-asteroid-zip-by-earth-today/	ZWE	A space rock measuring a fifth of a mile across (about a third of a kilometer) is set to fly by Earth on Monday, and one online observatory is offering a close-up look. The asteroid named 1999 VF22 will officially be nearest to our planet at 11:54 p.m. PT, when it zips past at a distance over 3.3 million miles (5.4 million kilometers), its closest pass in over a century. For comparison, our moon orbits at less than 250,000 miles (400,000 kilometers) away most of the time. That means this aircraft carrier-sized asteroid poses absolutely no threat to any person or planet you know. But it is still considered potentially hazardous by . This label doesnt take into account any actual degree of risk or threat to our world. Basically, anything coming closer than 4.6 million miles thats big enough to have a brightness of at least magnitude 22 gets tagged potentially hazardous.The size of 1999 VF22 also means astronomers will be able to study it using radar and telescopes. The , based in Rome, will be sharing its observations online Monday. for EarthSky that you can use a (large) backyard telescope to watch it slide past. As the name suggests, 1999 VF22 was originally discovered in 1999, by the Catalina Sky Survey in Arizona. The online watch party starts at 4 p.m. PT and you can join below. If you miss it this time around, it will be a long wait before this particular asteroid returns for a slightly closer pass, in 2150. 
20220221_173939_aus_C000149_A000007	www.9news.com.au	https://www.9news.com.au/national/coronavirus-update-nsw-cases-nearly-double-overnight/4f4c5f0a-b19d-48e6-b655-ca7204cf0cab	AUS	The state recorded 8752 new cases - 6036 results came from rapid tests and 2716 from PCRs. Fourteen people died with the virus.There are 1293 people in hospital and 71 in ICU, compared to 1288 and 74 yesterday.NSW has recorded a spike in COVID-19 cases overnight. (Brent Lewin) (Bloomberg)Yesterday there were 4916 new cases reported in the state. Generally case numbers dip after the weekend as less people present for testing.In NSW 51.7 per cent have had three doses of a vaccine.This figures includes both immunocompromised people who have received a third dose and all people aged 16+ who have received a booster.Of people aged 12-15, 83.6 have had one dose, and 79 per cent have had two doses. In children aged 5-11 46.7 per cent have had one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine.It comes after international arrivals touched down in the country for the first time in over two years, will fully-vaccinated travellers allowed back into Australia.Cases may rise with more people coming in, but todays rise in numbers would not be linked to tourists. 
20220221_173939_aus_C000149_A000018	www.abc.net.au	https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-02-22/green-steel-and-coking-coal-future-demand-/100828346	AUS	Australia is pushing ahead with new coking coal projects for decades to come, even as the nation forges a path towards its 2050 zero emissions target.Key points:Economist John Rolfe says the probability of green steel becoming commercially viable in the near future is lowThe Queensland Resources Council says there will be a number of new coking coal mines in the next three to five yearsSteel expert Arash Tahmasebi says up to 40 per cent of steel in 2050 could still be made with coalMoney is being pumped into research and technology to reduce big polluters carbon footprints, none more so than in steel making, which accounts for eight per cent of all CO2 emissions globally.Australia is the used in steelmaking, and the second-largest exporter of thermal coal, used for electricity generation.So in Queenslands coal belt, where so many livelihoods depend on this black gold, how long will its run last?CQ University resource economist John Rolfe believes therell be a strong need for coking coal in the foreseeable future — that is at least until green steel made without coking coal becomes economically viable. CQU resource economist John Rolfe says regional communities reliant on coal mining could diversify their economies through agriculture and advanced manufacturing.(Supplied: CQ University)Thats a low possibility, he said.Its a snail-pace transition that mining companies like Sojitz Blue are planning to capitalise on.The company has three mine sites in central Queensland: Gregory, Minerva and Meteor Downs South.Sojitz Blue has committed to reducing its environmental impacts, but has also recently proposed to expand its operations at the Gregory Crinum Mine to continue producing two million tonnes of hard coking coal per year until 2043.Sojitz Blue declined the ABCs request for an interview about its future, as its plans for expansion are still open for public comment. Sojitz Blue CEO Cameron Vorias (left) on site at the Gregory Mine near Emerald which is proposing to expand its operations.(ABC News: Rachel McGhee )Professor Rolfe is urging all mining companies to be prepared for changes in supply and demand as technology develops.If carbon capture becomes more viable then that will probably increase demand for coal mines.But if alternative forms of energy become more viable then that will reduce the demand for coal.New mines planned for Queensland Ian Macfarlane, CEO of the Queensland Resources Council.(Supplied: QRC)The Queensland Resources Councils Ian Macfarlane said the state could expect to see a number of coking coal mines open in the next three to five years.Mr Macfarlane said there were three likely prospects for new mines in the state, including the Winchester South and Olive Downs mines planned for near Moranbah.Race for green steel has begunGlobal steel production is predicted to grow by more than 30 per cent by 2050, according to Dr Arash Tahmasebi, the director of the University of Newcastles Centre for Ironmaking Materials Research. Steel expert Dr Arash Tahmasebi says there is a lot of market research interest in low carbon steelmaking.(Supplied: Arash Tahmasebi)But given its heavy reliance on metallurgical coal, deep emission reductions from the steel industry will be essential to meet global emissions targets and the race is on in the developing field of zero or low emissions steel, or green steel.Dr Tahmasebi said based on conservative estimates, steel produced from traditional blast furnace technology could decrease internationally from the current 70 per cent to as low as 40 per cent.One of the greener methods being explored is using biomass to decrease the amount of coal needed.As the blast furnace technology shifts … then the sort of coke that is required in the blast furnace is going to be a very good quality coke, Dr Tahmasebi said.He said other steel production methods, like those that require methane or hydrogen, produced less steel. Demand for steel is expected to rise by 30 per cent by 2050.(ABC News: Liz Pickering)One is promising to deliver commercial quantities of green steel by 2025 without using hydrogen.Blast furnace age will direct future coal useWhen new technologies become commercially viable, Dr Tahmasebi explains there could be a reluctance from countries like China, which produces half the worlds steel, to jump onboard quickly.The average age of the reactors that are used in China, for example, are about 14, 15 years old, he said. Dr Tahmasebi says most Chinese steel mills are relatively new.(Supplied: Hugh Brown)Ideally you want to operate that for 40 years, so theres another 25 to 30 years that they will want to use their reactors.From some of those countries theres going to be some resistance to shift to lower carbon alternative and technologies.The blast furnace technology is also very efficient and its producing iron at a low cost, so there will need to be a lot of effort in alternative routes to decrease the cost to compete with that. 
20220221_173939_zaf_C000150_A000021	www.ign.com	https://www.ign.com/articles/conan-chop-chop-first-preview-lighthearted-roguelite-barbarian-attitude	ZAF	I dont think Robert E. Howard had much of a sense of humor about his work when he created the swords and sorcery spectacle that was Conan the Barbarian 90 years ago. But lets face it: Conan is kind of silly. Go watch the Arnold Schwarzenegger movie and tell me its not. And I think thats part of why the cartoonish co-op roguelite works pretty well. The fast paced, decently challenging, and unpredictable gameplay certainly doesnt hurt either, though.Normally I might be put off by the exaggerated, whimsical visual style of a game like this, which would fit right in with any number of shallow strategy games on the app store. But its clear to me that Mighty Kingdom knows the source material and isnt just trying to use the Conan name to put out something low effort. From nods to some of the thewy heros classic foes to a responsive and exhilarating combat system that reminded me a fair bit of Hades, its kind of like a good power metal album. Its over-the-top, humble enough to laugh at itself, but also has the technical chops to really shred if you accuse it of only being here to mess around.Conan Chop Chop ScreenshotsYou and up to three friends can take control of four cute but deadly barbarians, of which I had the most fun with the nimble archer Belit. Shes geared toward ranged damage and dodge-rolling out of danger, so I could really use the whole battlefield to my advantage in the often chaotic and genuinely punishing boss fights. Pallantides is her opposite, holding the line with a sturdy shield. Camping behind your defenses can only get you so far, though. If you time your blocks as any character, you can parry and avoid all damage while deflecting projectiles or even stunning the enemy. Mechanics like this that show off the fact Chop Chop is very easy to get into but has a pretty high skill ceiling.Its over-the-top and humble enough to laugh at itself, but also has the technical chops to really shred.“Conan and Valeria are another pair of opposites. Our Boi the barbarian will always land critical hits when on low health, while the deadly skirmisher fights best when her hearts are topped up. Knowing how to use all four of them in concert is something I didnt quite get the hang of during our short demo. But especially when you factor in special ultimate abilities, like Conans propensity to go absolutely berserk, managing your supply of bombs and arrows, and randomized gear that can modify all of these things, the combinations seem practically endless.I was also pleasantly surprised how sharp and responsive these fights felt. One other advantage of this art style is that everything is very readable (again, much like Hades). Parrying, attacking, and dodging feel great. The hitboxes on things like boss attacks were clear enough that I never felt like I got killed when I didnt deserve it. Some of the bosses are genuinely tough – this is definitely not a pushover, despite what the art style might have led you to believe!This is definitely not a pushover, despite what the art style might have led you to believe!“Long-term progression is through skill points, which can add new abilities and other upgrades to specific characters that carry over between runs, and Steelfire, which unlocks new gear. Your gear and health upgrades will be reset every time you fail a run, but unlocked weapons, armor, and charms get added to the pool of available drops. So youll start running into higher-level items even in early areas once youve spent a bit of Steelfire. Your overall goal is to defeat the four bosses guarding the gateway to a final showdown with Thoth-Amon, but in true roguelike fashion, youll probably taste the agony of defeat a good many times before you get there.Going in with few expectations, I was pleasantly surprised by the depth and overall fun factor of the combat in Conan Chop Chop. It seems like the kind of game it would be great to play with a few friends over horns of mead on Discord in the evenings. And since it doesnt take itself too seriously, even dying horribly can be laughed off. Well be able to join the fray on March 1. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000176_A000009	www.rnz.co.nz	https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/national/462016/christchurch-terror-attacks-coronial-inquiry-hearing-begins-today	NZL	Grieving families hope a coronial hearing starting today will help answer lingering questions about the final moments of the 51 Muslims murdered in the Christchurch terror attacks. Al Noor Mosque. Photo: RNZ/ Dan Cook Coroner Brigitte Windley. Photo: Ministry of Justice Almost three years after white supremacist Brenton Tarrant opened fire on worshippers at two city mosques, victims families will give Coroner Brigitte Windley their views on the proposed focus of the inquiry. The inquiry was opened to address any unanswered questions following the criminal investigation and prosecution process and the . Along with the family lawyers, the coroner is due to hear from representatives of the Federation of Islamic Associations, Islamic Womens Council, St John Ambulance, Canterbury District Health Board, police, and Human Rights Commission. The entire hearing is being held remotely, via video link, because of the Covid-19 risk. The terrorist is expected to join the hearing online from Auckland Prison and make a submission through his lawyers, but will not be seen or heard himself. Entry to Linwood Islamic Centre. Photo: RNZ / Eden Fusitua The coroner has noted her duty to prevent the hearing being used as a platform to promote his ideology, causing victims further distress. The inquirys purpose is to establish the circumstances of the deaths and make comments or recommendations to reduce the chance of other attacks happening in similar circumstances. The coroner has already proposed examining the initial emergency response to the shooting and whether anyone who died could have been saved with faster medical treatment. While the terrorists guilty plea meant families were spared the ordeal of a criminal trial, some are concerned the royal commission did not cover all the issues in sufficiently granular detail and there has been no public examination of the actions of emergency workers and hospital staff. Family members and friends of the dead have been deeply affected by their murders, while many others have suffered life-changing injuries and mental harm. Federation of Islamic Associations spokesperson Abdur Razzaq said the scope hearing marked a significant step in the healing process for the Muslim community. Core to this process are the families who have been directly impacted, the widows, the widowers and their families, he said. They have been waiting to find out some answers to questions that are still unresolved. The Chief Censor has granted an exemption so interested parties and their lawyers can read the terrorists manifesto and view the livestream footage of the massacre, both of which are classified as objectionable publications, if the coroner considers it necessary. Photo: RNZ / Nathan Mckinnon Following the hearing, Coroner Windley will make a final decision on the scope of the inquiry, detailing the issues to be further investigated. She is yet to decide whether an inquest will be held. The gunman, an Australian who was radicalised online, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 2020, on 51 counts of murder, 40 of attempted murder and one of terrorism. He opened fire inside the Al Noor Mosque while broadcasting the attack on Facebook Live on 15 March 2019, killing 44 people, two of whom died of their injuries in hospital. The terrorist then drove to the Linwood Islamic Centre where he shot a further seven people dead. While the 2020 Royal Commission concluded the shooting could not have been prevented, it identified a host of failings, including a lack of proper gun licence checks and a preoccupation with Islamist extremism by counter-terrorism officials. The government has pledged to implement all 44 recommendations. During the criminal investigation into the masjid attacks, police gathered information about the circumstances of the deaths, which is detailed in two evidential overview reports. The coroner has not publicly released some reports relevant to the inquiry out of respect for the families, including one on the medical response to the attacks by Dr John Hick and a first responder timeline prepared by police. 
20220221_173939_can_C000181_A000029	winnipeg.ctvnews.ca	https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/manitoba-hockey-player-suspended-after-taunting-opposing-team-with-alleged-racial-gesture-1.5789914	CAN	A player with the Dauphin Kings has been suspended indefinitely by the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL) after taunting a hockey team with an alleged racial gesture over the weekend. The incident took place at the end of Saturday’s game between the Kings and the Waywayseecappo First Nation Wolverines, which the Kings won 3-2. At the end of the game, which was streamed online, defenceman Klim Georgiev can be seen skating and making a gesture that allegedly mimicked firing a bow and arrow towards the Wolverines. Video of the incident has circulated on social media after it was posted online by Hockey Indigenous, an organization that aims to promote Indigenous involvement in hockey at all levels. It called the incident “beyond disgusting and hurtful.” Stephane Friday, the co-founder of Hockey Indigenous, said it was baffling seeing the video. It does get to me. Its 2022 and we keep talking about reconciliation, said Friday. Georgiev, who is 20, received a gross misconduct penalty following the game. The MJHL announced on Sunday on social media that Georgiev was suspended. “The MJHL takes situations of this nature seriously,” the statement reads. “At this time, the player has been suspended with a final decision to follow once a full review has been completed of the incident, which includes the use of an external consultant in investigating this matter.” The league said it will not comment until the review is completed. Friday said he hopes Georgiev receives the proper suspension for the incident but also hopes he gets the proper resources to help him understand Indigenous culture. I hope (the MJHL) have all these resources for their non-Indigenous players, he said. I think to include all of these Indigenous resources would definitely go a long way. It would be a start. The Kings also released a statement on Twitter regarding the suspension and investigation. “Our club is committed to being a first-class organization. We take pride in bringing these players into our community and we all must remember that these are young men who are still learning,” the statement reads. “This is a learning opportunity for our hockey club and we are determined to work together to educate all involved.” 
20220221_173939_pak_C000191_A000008	dailytimes.com.pk	https://dailytimes.com.pk/889579/promotion-of-mother-tongue-need-of-the-time-buzdar/	PAK	Chief Minister Punjab Sardar Usman Buzdar Monday said that language was not only a mean of expression of human emotions but also a conspicuous identity of nations. In his message on International Mother Language Day, the chief minister said that the promotion of mother tongue was an important need as the importance of mother tongue could not be denied even in this ever changing digital world. He said that language gave a strong identity to nations and protection of mother tongue was a social responsibility of all of us, he maintained. He said the education of children in their mother tongue yielded a positive effect on their mental development, adding the status of mother tongues as a national identity and a valuable cultural heritage was undeniable. He observed that every word and phrase in the mother tongue contains national traditions, culture, mental and spiritual experiences. Language was a social gift that should be passed to the next generation overtime, he asserted. The mother tongue was considered an effective means of preserving and promoting cultural heritage, he said, adding that mother languages could create better awareness of cultural, historical and social traditions around the world. The Punjab government has released Rs 8.1 million funds for treatment of cancer and liver transplant patients. According to a handout, issued here on Monday, Rs 3 million were released for treatment of Muhammad Ismail of Jampur tehsil of Rajanpur district for treatment of bone-marrow disease at the Armed Forces Bone Marrow Transplant Centre Rawalpindi. Rs 2.5 million were released for treatment of anaemia patient Muhammad Farhan, who was being treated at the same institution. Also, Rs 2.6 million had been given for treatment of liver patient Haji Ashiq Hussain of Dera Ghazi Khan at the Pakistan Kidney and Liver Institute Lahore. The CM said that healing wounds of ailing humanity was a noble cause and vowed to provide resources for treating deserving patients. Chief Minister Punjab Sardar Usman Buzdar has taken a notice of the death of a youth owing to coming in close contact with the hanging chemical string from an electrical wire in Kasur and sought a report from Inspector General Police. Usman Buzdar expressed his heartfelt sympathy and condolence to the heirs of the deceased youth. The chief minister directed that strict action be taken against those found responsible in committing this negligence and zero-tolerance policy should be adopted against kite-flying incidents. Punjab Chief Minister Sardar Usman Buzdar has expressed a deep sense of sorrow and grief over the death of former Olympian Abdul Waheed Khan who was a member of Pakistan team that had won the first gold medal in hockey at the Olympics. In his condolence message, the CM extended heartfelt sympathies to the bereaved family and prayed that may Allah Almighty rest the departed soul in eternal peace and grant patience to his family. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000191_A000028	thesportsrush.com	https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-psl-playoffs-schedule-psl-2022-playoffs-schedule-and-timings/	PAK	PSL playoffs schedule: Multan Sultans and Lahore Qalandars would face each other in the ‘Qualifier’ of Pakistan Super League 2022. During the 30th match of the ongoing seventh season of the , the Peshawar Zalmi defeated the Lahore Qalandars in the Super Over in what turned out to be an edge-of-the-seat thriller the fans witnessed at the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore. While the match marked the culmination of the league stage, it could have not got off to a better end with the Playoffs just a day away. The match looked done and dusted for Zalmi as their pacer Mohammad Umar was handed the task of defending as many as 24 runs in the final Over, after posting 158/7 batting first. But, Qalandars’ skipper- the left-pacer Shaheen Shah Afridi just decided to showcase his batting prowess as he tonked Umar for three Sixes and a Four to lead the match to a Super Over with a maximum of the final delivery. In the Super Over, it was now turn of the Zalmi skipper- Wahab Riaz, who gave away mere 5 runs, only for his batters- Shoaib Malik and to chase it down with 4 balls to spare. With both the aforementioned teams having already made it through to the Playoffs, Peshawar, who ultimately finished third at the points table (12 points), had the slimmest of chance to overtake Lahore (placed 2nd) had they bundled up the latter under the score of 49 in order to play the ‘Qualifier’ against Multan Sultans. PSL playoffs schedule Ultimately, with both the teams tied at 12 points each, it is the Lahore Qalandars, with a better Net Run Rate of 0.765 than Peshawar Zalmi’s at -0.340, who would face the Multan Sultans during the ‘Qualifier’ on February 23. Multan finished at the top of the table, with a total of 18 points, after losing just a solitary match during the league stage. Peshawar Zalmi would then face the Islamabad United in ‘Eliminator 1’ the very next day on February 24. The loser of ‘Qualifier’ would then lock horns against the winner of ‘Eliminator 1’ during the ‘Eliminator 2’ fixture on February 25, with the grand finale to take place on Sunday, February 27 between the winner of ‘Qualifier’ and ‘Eliminator 2’. Qualifier – 23/02/2022 – Multan Sultans vs Lahore Qalandars. Eliminator 1– 24/02/2022 – Peshawar Zalmi vs Islamabad United. Eliminator 2 – 25/02/2022 – Loser of Qualifier vs Winner of Eliminator 1. Final – 27/02/2022 – Winner of Qualifier vs Winner of Eliminator 2. All the matches will take place at the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore with the matches to commence at 8:00 pm (IST) and 7:30 pm (Pakistan time). 
20220221_173939_mys_C000214_A000024	worldofbuzz.com	https://worldofbuzz.com/msian-actress-forced-to-apologise-after-she-allegedly-plagiarised-another-brands-name-design/	MYS	There have been a number of allegations thrown around in the past of celebrities who plagiarised the names, products and even designs of other brands. Recently, Malaysian actress Sharifah Rose found herself in hot waters after netizens accused her of copying the name of a local brand for her own brand. Rose recently launched her own label, Sekuntum, however, netizens were quick to accuse her of copying another local brand called Sekuntom. One user who is apparently the founder of the label Sekuntom said, “This artist casually release the brand’s name which is similar to another’s, similar business nature, logo based on the same signature three petalled flower and same font design.” “If the brand name is almost the same, the customer will get confused. In the end, the smaller brand gets oppressed, even to get 10,000 followers takes years,” said the user. “My Sekuntom business was developed back in 2017, and it underwent rebranding in 2020. I remember how difficult it was to achieve 10,000 (followers), it was also hard to get potential buyers. It’s a different case for celebrities, they easily attain over 1,000 followers in just a day after launching their brand.” Plagiarising the design of a product by an Australian brand Following the Twitter post, another user also shared how the design of Rose’s upcoming product looks identical to an Australian brand’s product. The Australian company called Macamilk, specialises in macadamia milk which it sells in designed milk cartons. Rose’s Sekuntum recently posted a picture of what appeared to be a milk carton with the same exact design. The user shared how they had gotten in touch with Macamilk, who initially said that they would get their legal team involved. However, the post by Sekuntum has now been deleted. Furthermore, according to Macamilk, Rose has admitted that what she did was wrong. “Starting your own business is not easy. Being authentic is even harder and being human is to make mistakes in business and in life. We accept your apology and wish you all the best.” “We now ask to please go easy on Sharifah and her team. They made a mistake, they owned it and we should all support each other moving forward,” they added. Rose issues a statement Following all of the backlash, Rose has since issued a statement on her Instagram. “I would like to thank to those who have been concerned and supported us on the issue that was being hotly debated. Honestly, as a newcomer to the business world, I have a lot more to learn and I accept all views and criticisms with an open heart,” she said. Rose explained that at the outset, an analysis of names had already been performed. “But, I only found out about the existence of the other brand after we released the teaser on IG.” “We decided to register the name Sekuntum as it is not limited to roses only. Initially, the team suggested naming the brand as ‘Sekuntum Rose’. But I refused because I didn’t want it to be just about myself.” She explained that she registered the company back in September last year. “How could we continue this process if the allegations against us are true. I have no intention whatsoever of hurting anyone.” In regards to the issue with Macamilk, Rose said that they have reached out to Macamilk and have resolved it privately. What do you think? Was it by accident or intentional? Let us know in the comments. Also read: Follow us on , , , and for the latest stories and updates daily. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000220_A000003	www.geo.tv	https://www.geo.tv/latest/400629-pm-imran-khan-addresses-national-e-commerce-convention	PAK	Prime Minister Imran Khan addressing the National E-Commerce Convention in Islamabad, on February 21, 2021. — PID PM urges youth to take benefit of technological revolution.He announces complete tax emption for registered freelancers.Big news related to Bill Gates to be announced soon, he adds.ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Imran Khan said Monday the government is planning on expanding the information technology (IT) sector in a few years, as he urged the youth to take advantage of the technological revolution.“We have provided small incentives, and in a span of a year or two, our IT exports have jumped from $2 billion to $3.75 billion. Our youth has taken much advantage of the small incentives provided by the government,” the prime minister said while addressing the National E-Commerce Convention.The prime minister said the government would move the hurdles in the way of the youth so they could benefit from the technological revolution.While assuring the government’s all-out facilitation, the premier urged the youth not to miss the IT revolution which would not only generate revenue but also bridge the country’s trade gap.The premier also announced that the government has decided to grant a complete tax exemption to registered freelancers. The prime minister said former Microsoft boss Bill Gates visited Pakistan last week on his invitation as he wanted to involve him in Pakistan’s IT sector.He said he would come up with good news in a few days in that regard. PM Imran Khan also appreciated Gates’ contribution to Pakistan for polio eradication as the country reported no case last year.The prime minister, who earlier launched E-Tijarat Portal, said the country’s elite-centric system always resisted the common man from excelling. However, despite having no developed systems, Pakistan’s youth had immense potential.He said the government had also introduced a core education curriculum for up to fifth class so far to do away with the systemic discrimination of English and Urdu medium education.Citing the example of a freelancer named Nadia from Gilgit, Imran Khan said IT provided the easiest opportunity, particularly for women, to contribute to the national development. Even the 60% of the country’s population under the age of 30 can also be used for this purpose, he added.He said having an old connection with the overseas Pakistanis, he knew their potential as they excelled in numerous fields abroad wherever they got a level playing field.The prime minister also appreciated his Special Assistant on E-Commerce Aon Abbas Buppi for his concise and informative presentation as well as his dedicated efforts to promote e-commerce.He told the gathering that the incumbent government had inherited a bankrupt country but being a sportsman, he knew how to sail through the difficulties and always advised his cabinet never to worry about it. Earlier, the prime minister also distributed awards among the youngsters running their startups in multiple fields.In his address, Finance Minister Shaukat Tarin the prime minister always emphasised the digital economy knowing the fact that the world going towards the very course.He said using the technology, people could now open their accounts, make transactions, buy houses and cars while sitting in one place.He said Pakistan also wanted to move side by side the world which required the up-gradation of internet services. He told the gathering that while awarding a 5G spectrum license, the government would prioritise quality services, not revenue.SAPM on E-Commerce Aon Abbas Buppi said in 2021, Pakistan’s e-commerce market volume was $4 billion, while the volume of the global e-commerce market was estimated at around $30 trillion.He said through the first e-commerce policy, the government e-commerce as trade and also enhanced freelance payments from $5,000 to 25,000. 
20220221_173939_zaf_C000234_A000011	www.timeslive.co.za	https://www.timeslive.co.za/news/south-africa/2022-02-21-covid-19-vaccination-rules-changed-heres-how/	ZAF	SAs health department is changing the Covid-19 vaccination rules to try to increase uptake as inoculations have slowed and the country has ample vaccine stocks.The government is shortening the interval between the first and second doses of the Pfizer vaccine from 42 to 21 days and will allow people who have received two doses of Pfizer to get a booster dose three months after their second shot as opposed to six months previously.It will offer the option of “mixing and matching” booster jabs, with adults who were given one dose of Johnson & Johnsons (J&J) vaccine being offered either a J&J or Pfizer booster two months after their J&J shot. Adults who received two doses of Pfizer will be allowed J&J or Pfizer as a third dose.“The decision regarding which vaccine to administer as a booster should be guided by vaccine availability,” the health department said on Monday, adding that if both vaccines were available at a vaccination site, using the same vaccine was preferred. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000240_A000016	decrypt.co	https://decrypt.co/93483/bored-ape-nft-lawsuit-opensea	USA	In brief Timothy McKimmy wants his Bored Ape NFT back and/or damages of more than $1 million. His lawsuit may be just the first one over an exploit involving inactive listings on OpenSea. A Texas man who unwittingly sold his Bored Ape for 0.01 ETH—the equivalent of around $26—is suing OpenSea, alleging the platform knew that allowed hackers to buy NFTs for far below market price. In filed in Texas federal court, Timothy McKimmy claims he is the rightful owner of Bored Ape #3475—one of a set of 10,000 highly coveted primate NFTs known as the . He claims that he did not list his Bored Ape for sale and that the NFT was stolen—and that the buyer promptly resold it for 99 ETH ($250,000 at todays prices). According to McKimmy, the ape in question is in the top 14th percentile when it comes to rarity, and is significantly more rare than the Bored Ape NFT Justin Bieber recently purchased for $1.3 million. He is seeking the return of the Bored Ape [..] and/or damages over $1 million. McKimmy—whose lists him as the CEO of a Texas iron ore firm—claims that OpenSea knew about the bug, which was widely reported in the media, but refused to halt trading in the interest of profits. Instead of shutting down its platform to address and rectify these security issues, Defendant continued to operate. Defendant risked the security of its users’ NFTs and digital vaults to continue collecting 2.5% of every transaction uninterrupted, the complaint alleges in accusing OpenSea of negligence and breach of contract. McKimmy further alleges that he has repeatedly tried to resolved the issue with OpenSea. The company, he says, told him it is actively investigating the incident but has failed to do anything more. He is far from the only one in this situation. In January, OpenSea issued roughly to users affected by the exploit, though it remains unclear how exactly the company is handling reimbursements and determining refund amounts. McKimmys complaint cites chatter in NFT forums that alleges OpenSea has been approaching other victims of the bug and offering them the floor price (the lowest priced asset in any given NFT collection), even if their particular NFT is worth more—and only so long as they sign a non-disclosure agreement. OpenSea did not immediately reply to a request for comment about McKimmys allegations. The lawsuit, which was filed on Friday, could be followed by others. A law firm in the northeast is from other OpenSea customers who lost NFTs due to the bug with the goal of filing a class-action complaint. McKimmy, meanwhile, claims one goal of the lawsuit is to force OpenSea to tighten up its security practices. Plaintiff brings this lawsuit to protect the interests of NFT owners, who reside in countries worldwide and use Defendant’s platform. Plaintiff brings this lawsuit to force Defendant to enact sufficient security measures and address the known susceptibilities in its interface, states the complaint. The lawsuit comes during a rough stretch for OpenSea, the worlds largest NFT platform. Prior to the discovery of the bug that allowed people to buy valuable NFTs for as low as 0.01 ETH, a senior executive resigned in the wake of allegations. Meanwhile, a new controversy emerged this weekend related to a phishing campaign that has seen OpenSea customers fleeced of their NFTs—a situation the company says from a vulnerability in the platform. Want to be a crypto expert? Get the best of Decrypt straight to your inbox.Get the biggest crypto news stories + weekly roundups and more! 
20220221_173939_usa_C000240_A000033	news.mit.edu	https://news.mit.edu/2022/hot-jupiter-dark-side-	USA	MIT astronomers have obtained the clearest view yet of the perpetual dark side of an exoplanet that is “tidally locked” to its star. Their observations, combined with measurements of the planet’s permanent day side, provide the first detailed view of an exoplanet’s global atmosphere. “We’re now moving beyond taking isolated snapshots of specific regions of exoplanet atmospheres, to study them as the 3D systems they truly are,” says Thomas Mikal-Evans, who led the study as a postdoc in MIT’s Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research. The planet at the center of the new study, which appears today in Nature Astronomy, is WASP-121b, a massive gas giant nearly twice the size of Jupiter. The planet is an ultrahot Jupiter and was discovered in 2015 orbiting a star about 850 light years from Earth. WASP-121b has one of the shortest orbits detected to date, circling its star in just 30 hours. It is also tidally locked, such that its star-facing “day” side is permanently roasting, while its “night” side is turned forever toward space. “Hot Jupiters are famous for having very bright day sides, but the night side is a different beast. WASP-121bs night side is about 10 times fainter than its day side,” says Tansu Daylan, an MIT postdoc working on NASA’s MIT-led mission, TESS, who co-authored the study. Astronomers had previously detected water vapor and studied how the atmospheric temperature changes with altitude on the planet’s day side. The new study captures a much more detailed picture. The researchers were able to map the dramatic temperature changes from the day to the night side, and to see how these temperatures change with altitude. They also tracked the presence of water through the atmosphere to show, for the first time, how water circulates between a planet’s day and night sides. While on Earth, water cycles by first evaporating, then condensing into clouds, then raining out, on WASP-121b, the water cycle is far more intense: On the day side, the atoms that make up water are ripped apart at temperatures over 3,000 kelvins. These atoms are blown around to the night side, where colder temperatures allow hydrogen and oxygen atoms to recombine into water molecules, which then blow back to the day side, where the cycle starts again. The team calculates that the planet’s water cycle is sustained by winds that whip the atoms around the planet at speeds of up to 5 kilometers per second, or more than 11,000 miles per hour. It also appears that water isn’t alone in circulating around the planet. The astronomers found that the night side is cold enough to host exotic clouds of iron and corundum — a mineral that makes up rubies and sapphires. These clouds, like water vapor, may whip around to the day side, where high temperatures vaporize the metals into gas form. On the way, exotic rain might be produced, such as liquid gems from the corundum clouds. “With this observation, we’re really getting a global view of an exoplanet’s meteorology,” Mikal-Evans says. The study’s co-authors include collaborators from MIT, Johns Hopkins University, Caltech, and other institutions. Day and night The team observed WASP-121b using a spectroscopic camera aboard NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope. The instrument observes the light from a planet and its star, and breaks that light down into its constituent wavelengths, the intensities of which give astronomers clues to an atmosphere’s temperature and composition. Through spectroscopic studies, scientists have observed atmospheric details on the day sides of many exoplanets. But doing the same for the night side is far trickier, as it requires watching for tiny changes in the planet’s entire spectrum as it circles its star. For the new study, the team observed WASP-121b throughout two full orbits — one in 2018, and the other in 2019. For both observations, the researchers looked through the light data for a specific line, or spectral feature, that indicated the presence of water vapor. “We saw this water feature and mapped how it changed at different parts of the planet’s orbit,” Mikal-Evans says. “That encodes information about what the temperature of the planet’s atmosphere is doing as a function of altitude.” The changing water feature helped the team map the temperature profile of both the day and night side. They found the day side ranges from 2,500 kelvins at its deepest observable layer, to 3,500 K in its topmost layers. The night side ranged from 1,800 K at its deepest layer, to 1,500 K in its upper atmosphere. Interestingly, temperature profiles appeared to flip-flop, rising with altitude on the day side — a “thermal inversion,” in meteorological terms — and dropping with altitude on the night side. The researchers then passed the temperature maps through various models to identify chemicals that are likely to exist in the planet’s atmosphere, given specific altitudes and temperatures. This modeling revealed the potential for metal clouds, such as iron, corundum, and titanium on the night side. From their temperature mapping, the team also observed that the planet’s hottest region is shifted to the east of the “substellar” region directly below the star. They deduced that this shift is due to extreme winds. “The gas gets heated up at the substellar point but is getting blown eastward before it can reradiate to space,” Mikal-Evans explains. From the size of the shift, the team estimates that the wind speeds clock in at around 5 kilometers per second. “These winds are much faster than our jet stream, and can probably move clouds across the entire planet in about 20 hours,” says Daylan, who led previous work on the planet using TESS. The astronomers have reserved time on the James Webb Space Telescope to observe WASP-121b later this year, and hope to map changes in not just water vapor but also carbon monoxide, which scientists suspect should reside in the atmosphere. “That would be the first time we could measure a carbon-bearing molecule in this planet’s atmosphere,” Mikal-Evans says. “The amount of carbon and oxygen in the atmosphere provides clues on where these kinds of planet form.” This research was supported, in part, by NASA through a grant from the Space Telescope Science Institute. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000251_A000006	www.rnz.co.nz	https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/national/461983/strong-5-point-6-magnitude-earthquake-near-blenheim	NZL	The magnitude 5.6 earthquake near Blenheim was recorded about 4.06 pm by GeoNet. Photo: Twitter / GeoNet It hit about 30km west of Seddon, and at a depth of 30km. A shallow M5.6 earthquake near Blenheim caused a decent shake just now, mostly felt by people in the upper South Island and lower North Island. The shaking was strong in intensity, and we have received more than 15,000 felt reports, GeoNet said on Twitter. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000266_A000017	then24.com	https://then24.com/2022/02/21/we-tested-the-huawei-p50-pro-a-very-elegant-mobile-and-with-possibly-the-best-camera-on-the-market/	SGP	The new Huawei P50 Pro arrives in Spain as a different alternative to the rest of the mid-range, looking for its own niche of users who do not consider its deficiencies as important and appreciate its advantages. The launch of the Huawei P50 Pro may surprise you a bit, considering that it was launched in China in July 2021; we are used to waiting a bit when it comes to Chinese mobiles, but this long period has caused Huawei to launch this device right in the middle of a renewal period in the high range, with launches of direct rivals such as the Google Pixel 6 or the Samsung Galaxy S22. Therefore, you may be wondering if this phone is worth considering at this point, and I don’t blame you. On paper, it’s been outclassed, and that’s without taking into account important aspects like software support. But after trying it out, I think I’ve discovered several reasons why you might want to buy it. A mobile that attracts glances The design is one of the most surprising aspects of this P50 Pro. As is tradition in the range, a “all screen” design with curved edges that hug the side; a choice that will please and annoy in equal measure, since it makes it more difficult to grasp and slips more easily, but in return it is much more pleasing to the eye. But it’s the back that really stands out, with a very different set of cameras than we’re used to; I remember that, when the first images were leaked, it was similar to a “ceramic hob”, but in person it is much more beautiful and shows that this is a special mobile with very marked priorities. The materials chosen are also of high quality, and the phone weighs less than its size of 6.6 inches may indicate. Huawei knows very well what its strengths are, and has thrown the rest into the design. The version that I have been able to test is the black one, which is usually the simplest and most discreet; but that’s not the case here, with a very attractive dark gray and metallic pink rims on the camera array. In addition, it will also be available in gold, if you really want to stand out. This is one of those mobiles that is embarrassing to use with a case, you really want everyone to see it, as a demonstration of the good taste you have. Hardware: up to par, but not top With so much design prominence, it’s no wonder the screen has received so much love. It is a 6.6-inch OLED panel, with everything we could wish for: great brightness, good color treatment and, of course, a 120Hz refresh rate for a very smooth experience when navigating the interface and when let’s play. It is not the best panel on the market, but the truth is that it is not bad at all. It is sharp, and the behavior is good with all types of content. In fact, perhaps the worst thing I can say is that I don’t have much to say: it’s just good, but not the best. I cannot say the same about what we find inside: a Snapdragon 888. This processor is already from the last generation, taking into account that the first phones with Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 are about to arrive. It is the main consequence of the delay since its launch in China, that what was a good processor now has lagged a bit behind. It’s not that he lacks power, of course, considering he was already one of the best, but now you’ll feel like he’s a step down, if you think that’s important. In my tests, I have not really noticed that this mobile is less powerful just because it has a Snapdragon 888; It’s still very fast and capable of running all kinds of apps without breaking a sweat, and the best thing is that the phone doesn’t get very hot. The only problem I foresee is if apps become more demanding in the future, but now this chip is up to the task. More worrying for the average user is that this Snapdragon 888 not compatible with 5G networks, due to the blockade that the United States still maintains on Huawei. Although the company claims that it is working on alternatives to support 5G on its mobiles, it is somewhat shocking that this is the only leading model that remains in 4G. Of course, if your carrier doesn’t offer 5G in your area, that doesn’t matter, but it means you won’t be able to take advantage of the higher bandwidth in the coming months and years. All in all, the experience with the Huawei P50 Pro is very good, and I find few faults, with powerful speakers and a fast interface. Are these the best cameras on a mobile? It’s a question I’ve constantly asked myself while testing the P50 Pro. For context, I tried the Google Pixel 6 not too long ago, and then I thought exactly the same thing, but for very different reasons. While Google opted for basic sensors whose image was enhanced by its Artificial Intelligence algorithms, Huawei’s tactic is more direct. The quality of these cameras is superior from the start, and Huawei also has several ‘tricks’ up its sleeve, starting with the collaboration with the Leica brand that has continued for several generations. The main sensor is 50 MP, which does not sound surprising but believe me when I say that it is not far behind in image quality compared to higher resolution sensors. Much of the blame lies with the laser autofocus, which ensures that the subject we are photographing is never out of focus. In my tests, this has made it easier to take photos in low-light situations, as well as perfectly focusing on the people I was photographing, capturing all the details. A detail that I especially liked is the contrast, and that even the smallest details are saved, such as textures and text. The reason the photos are so detailed is because of the 40 MP black and white camera. Huawei’s camera app uses this additional information to improve the photos we take, so the result is better than when we’re looking at them in the camera viewfinder. It is something that we will notice especially in the elimination of “noise”, and we will notice that the photos have less grain even in low light situations. The 13 MP wide-angle camera, on the other hand, has nothing special going for it; in fact, I was a bit annoyed that the colors it captures are more saturated than with the main camera. Finally, the most curious camera is the 64 MP telephoto, which offers a 3.5x optical zoom, with 16 MP photos; but also it is possible to take photos with 10x which actually crops the 64 MP image and applies software magnification to it. The results are incredible, with a camera that is capable of capturing even the smallest details. The selfie camera also deserves a mention despite being “only” 13 MP, as the focus is very good; It is also appreciated that the app asks us if we want to activate the beauty mode, instead of applying it directly and having to remove it manually, as happens in many mobiles (especially Chinese brands). Huawei stumbles on software Surely you’re thinking “Okay, now is when he complains that there are no Google apps”, but no. The truth is that I have already accepted that Huawei mobile devices will not have access to the Play Store or Google apps, with all that this entails; and honestly, at this point it doesn’t bother me much. There are alternatives, other ways of doing things, services that do not depend on Google, etc. Once you discover them, it’s just a matter of adapting. Ok, if you buy a Huawei mobile you will have more work ahead of you to leave it as you want, but that is not something new for this P50 Pro. With everything that has been written on the subject, it really is not worth mentioning anymore unless the things change. No, my real complaint has to do with the way Huawei’s platform is evolving; or rather, involuting. I am going to give as an example what was my favorite Huawei app, Petal Search; It arrived more or less with the P40 Pro, and it was a simple web browser, with the possibility of not only searching for information on the Internet, but also applications in .apk format to install them without the need to access the Play Store. So it quickly became an essential app if you had a Huawei. The version of Petal Search that comes with the P50 Pro, by contrast, is a cacophony of content that is constantly bombarding you with information you don’t care about, from clickbait-filled political news, to “promotions” (i.e., spam ); For having, it even has a store to buy DIY, clothes, beauty items, or basically anything you can think of, as if it were a hundred everything. Oh, and of course, he has a personal assistant that you won’t use. Petal Search has become so fat with unnecessary stuff that I’ve caught myself avoiding using it. All Huawei apps seem to have undergone this transformation. The moment when I really got angry was when I opened the maps app Petal Maps, one of the company’s crown jewels, and asked for my phone number to send me advertising SMS! Huawei, I’m lost, right now I just want to know where I am, I don’t have time for such things. Strikingly, the experience that Spanish users will have will be somewhat different from that of Chinese users. Although the P50 Pro was one of the first phones to use the new HarmonyOS 2.0 system, for our market Huawei has decided to go back to Android with EMUI layerjust like previous models. Although Huawei has explained why it has done so, but it gives the impression that it has been a missed opportunity to launch the new system here. For a specific user The It is one of the most special devices that I have been able to test; but that is precisely what makes it not recommended for everyone. My theory is that this device is more aimed at a specific niche, at a type of user with very specific demands and who is able to see beyond their obvious mistakes. In many ways it is like no other, with a very sleek design and exceptional cameras; And as I said before, if you don’t mind messing around a bit, it’s perfectly possible to use it as a daily mobile. The real question you have to ask yourself is not if the Huawei P50 Pro is a good mobile; that is more than obvious. The question is whether you can pay 1,199 euros for the privilege of having it. Yes, it is expensive, there is no other way to say it; most of its rivals cost several hundred euros less with more powerful processors and, of course, Google apps. It must be said that Huawei sweetens the deal a bit, with various freebies like FreeBuds Pro earphones and six months insurance against accidental screen damage, plus discounts on other Huawei products. But they are still 1200 euros. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000273_A000037	pakobserver.net	https://pakobserver.net/calorie-restriction-trial-reveals-gene-that-may-prolong-healthy-life/	PAK	A new study investigates calorie restriction in hu-mans. Catherine MacBride/Stocksy Laboratory studies have found that some animals on calorie-restricted diets live longer.Researchers are keen to find out whether there is a similar effect in people.Now, a small-scale study suggests that moderate calorie restriction may benefit human health.The researchers identified a key protein that might increase the “health span,” the number of disease-free years a person lives.Laboratory studiesTrusted Source of animals, in-cluding rats, fruit flies, worms, and mice, show that those fed a calorie-restricted diet may live up to twice as long as those with an unrestricted diet.Now, a team led by researchers from Yale University has investigated the effects of calorie restriction in people. Their findings, which appear in Science, may eventually lead to new ways to extend healthy life.In animal studies, calorie reductions of 40% are common. However, as the authors of the new study explain, this effects growth, reproduction, and im-munityTrusted Source. In the human study, calories were reduced by only 14%.Unlike many weight loss diets, a calorie-restricted diet involves small reductions of habitual calorie intakeTrusted Source over a long period. People usually lose some weight, but this is not the main aim of calorie restriction.The researchers set out to investigate whether calorie restriction had similar health benefits in people as they did in other animals. They also wanted to identify any mechanisms behind these benefits.Over 2 years, the team assessed just over 200 people, aged 21–50 years. All were participants in the Comprehensive Assessment of Long-term Effects of Reducing Intake of Energy (CALERIE) clinical trial.All the participants had a body mass index of 22.0 to 27.9, putting them in the healthy, non-obese category.The CALERIE trial had already shown a reduction in cardiometabolic risk factorsTrusted Source, involving cholesterol levels and blood pressure, in this group.Kristin Kirkpatrick, a registered dietitian nutritionist at the Cleveland Clinic, told Medical News Today:“The data presented in the study was very interest-ing. There have been multiple research studies on calorie restriction and lower carbohydrate profiles that are important to consider. The addition of this research is beneficial to advancing and supporting other findings.” 
20220221_173939_phl_C000279_A000014	newsinfo.inquirer.net	https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1557720/putin-blames-us-and-ukraine-for-escalation-but-says-diplomacy-should-intensify	PHL	(FILE PHOTOS) This combination of files pictures created on June 7, 2021 shows US President Joe Biden in one of his speaking engagement in Darby, Pennsylvania, on June 17, 2020 and Russian President Vladimir Putin delivering a speech during a meeting with Russian athletes and team members. US President Joe Biden on July 27, 2021 accused his Russian counterpart of seeking to disrupt the 2022 congressional elections by spreading “misinformation.” (Photo by Jim WATSON and Grigory DUKOR / various sources / AFP) MOSCOW, Russia — Russian President Vladimir Putin blamed Kyiv for the military escalation in east Ukraine in a call with French leader Emmanuel Macron, but said diplomatic efforts to find a resolution needed to intensify. The call came two weeks after Macron went to Moscow to persuade Putin to refrain from sending troops massed on the border into Ukraine. ‘The supply of weapons and ammunition by US-led NATO countries to Ukraine is pushing Kyiv towards a ‘military solution’ against separatists in the country’s east, the Kremlin said. “As a result, civilians… who have to evacuate to Russia to escape the intensifying shelling, suffer,” the Kremlin added. The statement however noted that “the presidents believe it is important to intensify efforts to find solutions through diplomatic means.” The leaders agreed these efforts should be carried out by foreign ministers from France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine, which make up the Normandy negotiations group. “Putin reiterated the need for the United States and NATO to take Russian demands for security guarantees seriously,” the Moscow’s readout added. Russia insists that Western countries should give concrete and point-by-point responses to security guarantees set by Moscow last December to limit the Western military expansion into eastern Europe and ex-Soviet countries. Moscow argues that the West had violated the promise made by US State Secretary James Baker in the 1990s that NATO “would not move an inch east.” US and UK pushing for war again? International analysts warn the moves of the United States and the United Kingdom in Ukraine, echoing the same scenario that happened to Iraq, Libya and Afghanistan, where fake news proliferated to justify a NATO-led invasion that left millions dead and the countries in warzones. US and UK top officials including US President Joe Biden predict and warn of imminent threat of invasion, even as Ukraine itself, France, Germany said there was never an imminent invasion. Ukraine was also initially not including in the negotiation table between the US and Russia, and quietly pursued its own negotiating channels with Moscow. Demonstrations in Europe are calling out the US for failing to live up to the Ukraine-Minsk agreement, which Macron says offers a “path” to peace. The peace protesters also accused the the US of trying to sow panic in order to destabilize the region and sell more weapons to feed the US military-industrial complex. Western media have been warning the world of the 100,000 troops mobilized by Russia, but fail to report that these were all in Russia’s side of the border. Seen as initial steps to de-escalate the tension, Russia reported partially withdrawing her troops from the border after concluding the scheduled military training, but US and NATO claim there is no evidence that Russia has done so. RELATED STORY: JPV Subscribe to our daily newsletter Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. Subscribe to to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000281_A000013	www.todayonline.com	https://www.todayonline.com/singapore/eligible-singaporeans-can-withdraw-govt-payments-ocbc-atms-cpf-board-1822526	SGP	SINGAPORE — Singaporeans who are unable to use direct bank crediting to receive government payments can now withdraw the money more quickly and conveniently using OCBC automated teller machines (ATMs) across the island. GovCash, launched by the Central Provident Fund (CPF) Board in collaboration with OCBC Bank and GovTech, has been progressively replacing cheques since November last year. It will benefit up to 40,000 Singaporeans who will no longer need to queue at bank branches to encash about 500,000 cheques annually. GovCash is “no less secure than receiving payments via cheque”, CPF Board said in a press release on Monday (Feb 21). “It has adopted the Singpass facial verification technology to authenticate users, including a liveness-detection capability that blocks the use of photographs, videos or masks during the verification process.” Those who are eligible can withdraw their government payments in cash at more than 500 OCBC ATMs located across the country. An OCBC bank account is not required to use the GovCash service. The government payouts include the Workfare Income Supplement, Workfare Special Payment and Training Commitment Award. GovCash is designed to be simple and intuitive to use”, CPF Board added. Previously, cheque recipients would have to deposit the cheques or encash them over the bank counters. With GovCash, they can receive their payments at the ATM immediately, at any time of the day, without being restricted by bank operating hours. Those who wish to seek assistance with their withdrawals can visit ATMs located in OCBC branches during operating hours, where the bank’s digital ambassadors will be available to guide them. GovCash also allows recipients to use the scan-and-pay function and PayNow transfer option through the LifeSG mobile app. “CPF Board will continue to explore alternatives to provide more convenient and safe services to our customers,” it said, adding that it is also open to work with other banks if they are keen to participate in the system. OCBC Bank’s head of global transaction banking Melvyn Low said: Being able to receive government payments instantly is a key benefit for Singaporeans. “We are pleased to support the CPF Board in their mission to continually improve the service experience for Singaporeans through initiatives like GovCash, which takes us one step closer to the Smart Nation vision of serving citizens and businesses better through technology.” CNA 
20220221_173939_isr_C000335_A000029	www.insidethegames.biz	https://www.insidethegames.biz/articles/1119601/torun-world-indoor-gold-thompson-herah?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=vr&utm_campaign=tsb	ISR	You have viewed over 50 articles in the last 12 months.Keep Olympic News FreeSupport insidethegames.biz for as little as Ł10For nearly 15 years now, has been at the forefront of reporting fearlessly on what happens in the Olympic Movement. As the first website not to be placed behind a paywall, we have made news about the International Olympic Committee, the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the Commonwealth Games and other major events more accessible than ever to everybody. has established a global reputation for the excellence of its reporting and breadth of its coverage. For many of our readers from more than 200 countries and territories around the world the website is a vital part of their daily lives. The ping of our free daily email alert, sent every morning at 6.30am UK time 365 days a year, landing in their inbox, is as a familiar part of their day as their first cup of coffee.Even during the worst times of the COVID-19 pandemic, maintained its high standard of reporting on all the news from around the globe on a daily basis. We were the first publication in the world to signal the threat that the Olympic Movement faced from the coronavirus and have provided unparalleled coverage of the pandemic since. As the world begins to emerge from the COVID crisis, would like to invite you to help us on our journey by funding our independent journalism. Your vital support would mean we can continue to report so comprehensively on the Olympic Movement and the events that shape it. It would mean we can keep our website open for everyone. Last year, nearly 25 million people read , making us by far the biggest source of independent news on what is happening in world sport. Every contribution, however big or small, will help maintain and improve our worldwide coverage in the year ahead. Our small and dedicated team were extremely busy last year covering the re-arranged Olympic and Paralympic Games in Tokyo, an unprecedented logistical challenge that stretched our tight resources to the limit. The remainder of 2022 is not going to be any less busy, or less challenging. We had the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Beijing, where we sent a team of four reporters, and coming up are the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, the Summer World University and Asian Games in China, the World Games in Alabama and multiple World Championships. Plus, of course, there is the FIFA World Cup in Qatar.Unlike many others, is available for everyone to read, regardless of what they can afford to pay. We do this because we believe that sport belongs to everybody, and everybody should be able to read information regardless of their financial situation. While others try to benefit financially from information, we are committed to sharing it with as many people as possible. The greater the number of people that can keep up to date with global events, and understand their impact, the more sport will be forced to be transparent.Support for as little as Ł10 - it only takes a minute. If you can, please consider supporting us with a regular amount each month. Thank you. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000355_A000036	eu.delawareonline.com	https://eu.delawareonline.com/story/news/2022/02/21/bird-flu-confirmed-delaware-what-do-stay-safe/6884814001/	USA	Birds create flu bonanza for scientistsFor a few weeks each spring, the humble beaches of Delaware Bay turn into one of the world’s hot spots for bird flu. A team from St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital tests bird droppings seeking clues to how influenza evolves. (June 28)APSeveral cases of bird flu have been discovered in Delaware as the Eurasian H5 Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza sweeps across North America, federal officials confirmed Monday.The bird flu was discovered in eight wild ducks and a Canada goose in Kent County and a red-shouldered hawk in New Castle County, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service.SUBSCRIBE NOW: The ducks — five northern shovelers, one American wigeon, one black duck and a gadwall — had been submitted for testing by hunters, Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control officials said. The goose was tested after it had died and the hawk was tested after it had been taken to Tri-State Bird Rescue for rehabilitation.The U.S. Department of Agriculture is working with federal and state partners on additional avian influenza surveillance and testing throughout the state.State officials said the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention considers the risk to the general public from HPAI infections to be low and no human infections with the virus have occurred in the United States.RENTS ARE RISING: As a reminder, the proper handling and cooking of poultry and eggs to an internal temperature of 165°F will kill bacteria and viruses, including HPAI, officials said.Eight other states in the Atlantic Flyway — a major north-south path for migratory birds that hugs the East Coast — have found the bird flu in wild birds this year. Its believed to be widespread in migratory waterfowl with wild ducks, geese and shorebirds carrying the disease to new areas when migrating. The bird flu is a respiratory disease of birds caused by an influenza Type A virus, which can infect poultry (chickens, ducks, quail, pheasants, guinea fowl and turkeys) and some wild bird species (ducks, geese, swans, shorebirds, hawks and owls).Have a story idea? Contact Ryan Cormier of The News Journal at or (302) 324-2863. Follow him on Facebook () and Twitter ().HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF FROM BIRD FLUDo not harvest or handle wild birds that are obviously sick or found dead.Do not eat, drink or smoke while cleaning game.Wear rubber gloves while cleaning game or cleaning bird feeders.Wash hands with soap and water immediately after handling game or cleaning bird feeders.Wash all tools and work surfaces with soap and water.Avoid food cross-contamination. Keep uncooked game in a separate container, away from cooked or ready-to-eat foods.Cook game meat thoroughly; poultry should reach an internal temperature of 165 °F to kill disease organisms and parasites.Source: Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control 
20220221_173939_can_C000439_A000016	www.castanet.net	https://www.castanet.net/news/Business/360686/Another-unique-tax-filing-season-opens-in-Canada-amid-pandemic-challenges-CRA	CAN	Unique tax-filing seasonThe Canadian Press - Feb 21, 2022 / 8:42 am | Story: 360686 Photo: The Canadian Press A sign outside the Canada Revenue Agency. The Canada Revenue Agency will begin accepting income tax returns Monday, marking the official start of tax-filing season. The agency cautions it will be another unique tax period as it continues to face challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic. But the CRA says it has not extended the tax filing deadline, which remains April 30 for most Canadians. The federal tax collector says Canadians need to file their income tax returns so they can receive benefits and credits they may be entitled to. Canadians who worked from home may be eligible to claim a deduction of up to $500 for home office expenses using a temporary flat rate method. National Revenue Minister Diane Lebouthillier says shes proud of the way the CRA has responded to challenges during the pandemic, noting that the agencys employees have gone above and beyond in administering COVID-19 benefits. I can assure Canadians that this is a strong team that is there to help them file their returns so that they receive the benefits and credits they are entitled to, she said in a statement. 
20220221_173939_zaf_C000581_A000030	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/sport/rugby/unitedrugbychampionship/bulls-name-springbok-laden-squad-for-urc-clash-away-to-zebre-20220221	ZAF	ForwardsLizo Gqoboka, Gerhard Steenekamp, Simphiwe Matanzima, Jacques van Rooyen, Robert Hunt, Bismarck du Plessis, Johan Grobbelaar, Joe van Zyl, Walt Steenkamp, Ruan Nortje, Janko Swanepoel, Marcell Coetzee, Arno Botha, Elrigh Louw, WJ Steenkamp, Reinhardt Ludwig.BacksEmbrose Papier, Keagan Johannes, Marco Jansen van Vuren, Chris Smith, Juan Mostert, Harold Vorster, Lionel Mapoe, Stedman Gans, Cornal Hendricks, Madosh Tambwe, Canan Moodie, Kurt-Lee Arendse. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000620_A000019	www.macrumors.com	https://www.macrumors.com/2022/02/21/indie-developer-scam-clone-app-store/	NZL	Apps that copy concepts and features from other apps are nothing new in the <U+200C><U+200C>, but scammy like-for-like clones of genuine apps remain a perennial problem that Apple still hasnt resolved, as indie developer Kevin Archer . Archer is responsible for 2Stables , a feature-rich app that stores and generates secure two-factor authentication tokens for online accounts. Last week, Archer found another app in the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> going by the same name that looks suspiciously similar: Authenticator - App by Russian company Byte Service. Archer claims that the copycat app has , but it has also left in references to genuine features of his app that the clone app doesnt actually include, such as . In addition, counter to Apples developer guidelines, the cloned app during the onboarding stage. It also requires a , which would amount to over $200 annually if a user forgot to cancel. Archer later found another instance of the app in the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C>, just with a different icon. Archer says the app was submitted via a different developer account, but it also contains the same cloned elements originating from his own genuine app. Reacting to his findings on Twitter, Archer : I really dont understand how these apps pass the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> review with features that dont work, with a copied design, forcing users to review their app before even seeing it, and of course with a weekly subscription. Archer went on to say that indie developers regularly get their apps rejected for silly things, while others spam [the] <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> with imitations and weekly subscriptions. The problem of scam iOS apps has dogged Apples <U+200C><U+200C>App Store<U+200C><U+200C> for some years now. Back in 2012, Apples was absolutely furious when a fake app made it to the top of the <U+200C><U+200C>App Store<U+200C><U+200C> rankings, according to . Recently there have been concerted efforts by some developers to highlight that the problem remains as big as ever in at least some app categories. Just last year, Apple from developer Kosta Eleftheriou over the problem of scam and copycat apps on the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C>. Apple is facing a with the makers behind the hit-game PUBG Mobile. In the last few months, the issue of <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> scam apps has become a lightning rod for Apple, with some estimates suggesting scam apps on the platform . Most recently, the mainstream game . Wordle clones sprang up across the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> as the game spread in popularity, and some copycat apps even offered in-app subscriptions, despite the fact that the original game is entirely free to play. Apple recently the Report a Problem option on the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> for developers to flag issues and combat scams. When selected, the option directs users to a website with a drop-down menu to report <U+200C><U+200C>App Store<U+200C><U+200C> violations, including a specific option to Report a scam or fraud. However, developers generally remain frustrated that theres no way to get in touch directly with the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C> team to inform them of scammy apps that deceptively feed off their own inventions for financial gain. To improve the situation, Archer suggests Apple could make a special contact us form only for developers so they can can report such apps. Update 2/22: Since this article was published, Apple has removed the copycat apps from the <U+200C>App Store<U+200C>. (Thanks, Craig!) 
20220221_173939_ken_C000689_A000014	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/africa/ethiopia-turns-turbines-giant-nile-hydropower-plant-2022-02-20/	KEN	ADDIS ABABA, Feb 20 (Reuters) - Ethiopia began producing electricity on Sunday from its Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam (GERD), a multi-billion-dollar hydropower plant on the River Nile that neighbours Sudan and Egypt have worried will cause water shortages downstream.After flicking a digital switch to turn on the turbines in the first phase of the project, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed sought to assure those nations that his country did not wish to harm their interests.Ethiopias main interest is to bring light to 60% of the population who is suffering in darkness, to save the labour of our mothers who are carrying wood on their backs in order to get energy, Abiy said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comAbiys government says the project is key to its economic development, but Egypt and Sudan depend on the waters of the Nile and have worried it will affect them.Egypts Foreign Ministry accused Ethiopia of further violation of a preliminary deal signed between the three nations in 2015, prohibiting any of the parties from taking unilateral actions in the use of the rivers water.Water flows through Ethiopias Grand Renaissance Dam as it undergoes construction work on the river Nile in Guba Woreda, Benishangul Gumuz Region, Ethiopia September 26, 2019. Picture taken September 26, 2019. REUTERS/Tiksa NegeriThe first violations of the initial agreement related to the filling of the dam, the ministry said in a statement on Sunday.There was no immediate comment from Sudan.Ethiopia, the second most populous country on the continent, has the second biggest electricity deficit in Africa according to the World Bank, with about two thirds of the population of around 110 million lacking a connection to the grid.The project will ultimately cost $5 billion when it is completed and become the biggest hydropower plant in Africa by generating 5,150 MW of electricity, some of which will be exported to neighbouring nations, the government says.The government has so far invested more than 100 billion Ethiopian birr ($1.98 billion) in the project, state-affiliated FANA broadcaster reported. It is located at a place called Guba in the western Benishangul-Gumuz region.($1 = 50.6000 birr)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comAdditional reporting by Moataz Mohamed in Cairo Writing by Duncan Miriri Editing by Frances KerryOur Standards: 
20220221_173939_ken_C000689_A000022	www.androidcentral.com	https://www.androidcentral.com/android-13-operating-system-google-developer-preview	KEN	Android 13s Developer Preview can hardly be seen as an iterative upgrade because of how big the Android 12 update has been, say experts. They add that it is far too early to tell what exactly the new OS will have that could make it a solid improvement for Google.Google released the for Pixel phones on February 10, and as most people may have expected, there arent many new introductions to user-facing changes. From what can be seen right now, Android 13, which will be available on the in the future, is focusing on privacy, security, and developer productivity.More recently, could likely be the iterative upgrade that solidifies the path for the future. The author of the article, Adam Conway, indicated in the that Android 12s design wasnt necessarily a design that resonated with everyone, and that, from what we see so far, which is a very marginal iterative improvement, Android 13 solidifies that direction of design.Mishaal Rahman, senior technical editor at Esper and former editor-in-chief of XDA Developers, agrees that Android 13 will likely be an iterative update over Android 12 when it comes to design, as Google doesnt overhaul its Material design language every year. However, he cautions against calling the overall Android 13 release as an iterative upgrade at this point.He notes that almost every Android update could essentially be considered an iterative update over the previous release, so the term itself holds little meaning.Android 13 iterates on Android 12, which iterated on Android 11, which iterated on Android 10, and so on and so forth. Development on Android never ends, so every feature that isnt ready in time for the public release of the next Android version gets pushed back to a future release, he says.Rahman explains that Google does plan out which features they want to have in specific releases.For example, Google clearly planned to debut Material You with Android 12 and most of the UI changes and features associated with it, such as dynamic color.Jitesh Ubrani, research manager for IDCs worldwide device tracker, agrees, indicating that its just too early to tell if Android 13 really is an iterative update as Google has yet to show off the OS in detail.He adds that even if updates are very minor, its not necessarily a bad thing, and thats because Android 12 brought some major changes.[Android] 13 would offer further refinement and hopefully further adoption, he says.Its worth adding here that in October 2021, Google released , which for all intents and purposes is a special version of Android 12 made specifically for large screen devices such as tablets and foldable devices.Android experts might also add that 12L is the most stable version of 12 that just so happens to include a branch of UI that is targeted to foldables and tablets.In this case, Android 13 would essentially be built from Android 12L. Its also worth explaining that its been a while since Google has released an interim version of its OS; the last time this happened was with Android 8 and Android 7. This all usually happens because Google may have had the intention of releasing specific features but because have to delay it because theyre not ready.Rahman notes that because its an interim release, it was probably why 12L doesnt seem to bring many new features to the table.Anshel Sag, a senior analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, agrees and says that 12L is a welcome addition for larger formats.Which makes sense as Android starts to expand deeper into Windows and foldable form factors, he says.Why you shouldnt download Android 13 (developers version)Source: Alex Dobie / Android Central (Image credit: Source: Alex Dobie / Android Central)Google typically reserves the developers version of an OS specifically for developers, which seems like an obvious statement.To that, Rahman says that Google actually does not make it easy for the average user to install the Developer Preview. Youve got to manually install it, either by sideloading the appropriate OTA package via the recovery environment or by flashing the factory image package via the fastboot tool, Rahman explains.Rahman also notes that the developers version usually has bugs and a lot of it.Google is definitely interested in hearing about these bugs, but they and other device makers wont provide direct support or immediate fixes for them. Likewise, app developers wont prioritize providing support for users running Developer Preview builds; they will update their apps on their own cadence, he says.Further to this, Rahman also adds that a lot of apps refuse to run or restrict available features on software builds that arent compliant with CTS (Compatibility Test Suite). This means that Android software has to be compliant with specific Android compatibility requirements.If you are not a developer, you should absolutely refrain from installing the Android 13 Developer Preview. I myself have not installed the Developer Preview on my personal phone, a Google Pixel 6 Pro. If you are a regular user and have a spare phone or a PC capable of running the Android Emulator, then theres no harm in trying it out. However, if you plan to install it on your daily driver device, I would caution against it, he says.But more importantly, even average users who want to play around and see what the new OS might have in store may find it glitchy and difficult, Sag says.After experimenting with Android 12 on the Pixel 5 early on, there were a ton of bugs and it was pretty annoying to use as a daily device and I wouldnt recommend it. I would definitely recommend it for developers building apps and want to make sure things work in the new OS, but otherwise, I wouldnt advise downloading it so early, he says.Ubrani notes that the current version of 13 is still under baked and doesnt feature a user-friendly installation nor is it very stable.He says that installing it today has the potential to do more harm than good for the average user.What does Android 13 need for it to be successful?Source: Alex Dobie / Android Central (Image credit: Source: Alex Dobie / Android Central)While the XDA article noted that Android 13 sets the future for Android, its actually Android 12L that has set the future, Rahman says.Android 12L is marketed as the big OS update for large screen devices like tablets and foldables, but its simply setting the foundation for future updates. Android 13 needs to pick up where Android 12L left off and introduce more substantial changes to the tablet experience. Evidence suggests Google is doing just that with the hub mode and screen saver changes, but Id like to hear directly from Google about what it plans to do to take on iPadOS, he says.Ubrani agrees, indicating that one change that seems like a potential standout is the ability for Pixels to stream apps to nearby Chromebooks or PCs.That would help Android go toe-to-toe with Apple in many ways, he says.He also adds that the adoption rate should be improved, adding that Androids largest drawback is still how quickly vendors and users adopt the latest version. He says Google has been working on this for years, but anything the company could do to incentivize adoption would go a long way.That could perhaps include further compartmentalizing the OS, making dev previews available sooner, or something else entirely, as long as it helps move the needle for the installed base, he says. 
20220221_173939_gha_C000724_A000019	www.gadgetsnow.com	https://www.gadgetsnow.com/how-to/how-to-login-into-instagram-using-facebook-login-credentials/articleshow/89731213.cms	GHA	1.Open Instagram -> Settings -> Accounts -> Sharing to other appsHere, choose Facebook and login using Facebook login credentials and also allow all the permissions 
20220221_173939_aus_C000149_A000002	www.smh.com.au	https://www.smh.com.au/world/europe/putin-brandishes-threat-to-recognise-ukraine-rebel-claims-to-independence-20220222-p59ygl.html	AUS	Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky earlier accused Russia of wrecking peace efforts and ruled out making any territorial concessions in an address to the nation on Tuesday.Zelensky spoke after Russia’s decision to formally recognise the two Moscow-backed regions in Donbas, eastern Ukraine, the breakaway “republics” of Donetsk and Luhansk, as independent and send troops to the region, accelerating a crisis that the West fears could unleash a major war.Earlier, after chairing a meeting of his security council, Zelensky accused Russia of violating Ukraine sovereign territory and said it could mean Moscow pulling the plug on the peace talks aimed at ending the separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine.Russian President Vladimir Putin announcing plans to sign a decree on eastern Ukraine regions.Zelensky said he wanted to solve the crisis through diplomacy but that his country was ready to dig in for the long haul.“We are committed to the peaceful and diplomatic path, we will follow it and only it,” Zelensky said. “But we are on our own land, we are not afraid of anything and anybody, we owe nothing to no one, and we will give nothing to no one.”“We won’t cede anything,” said a defiant Zelensky.“It’s not Feb 2014, but Feb 2022,” he said, in a likely reference to Ukraine’s loss of Crimea to the Russians.“It’s important right now to see who our true friends are,” Zelensky said. He added that Ukraine was expecting “clear and effective” steps from its allies to act against Russia and called for an emergency summit with the leaders of Russia, Germany and France.Tanks rollEarlier on Tuesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his Defence Ministry to dispatch troops to “maintain peace” in Ukraine east, in a significant escalation of the Kremlin-driven crisis.A Reuters witness saw columns of military vehicles including tanks on the outskirts of Donetsk, the capital of one of two breakaway regions. There were about five tanks in a column on the edge of the city and two more in another part of town.No insignia were visible, but the appearance of the tanks came hours after Putin signed friendship treaties with the two separatist regions and ordered Russian troops to deploy on what Moscow called a peacekeeping operation.Russia has deployed troops to its ally Belarus for sweeping joint military drills that run through Sunday, fuelling Western concerns that Moscow could use the exercise to attack Ukraine from the north.Credit:APWorld reactsLeaders lined up to denounce Putin’s words and actions. from Ukrainian territory and cease to threaten its neighbours.“It is important that like-minded countries who denounce this sort of behaviour...stick together,” he said.US President Joe Biden signed an executive order to prohibit trade and investment between US individuals and the two Ukrainian breakaway regions recognised as independent by Russia on Monday, the White House said.Included is the prohibition of “new investment” by an American, wherever located, and the “importation into the United States, directly or indirectly, of any goods, services, or technology from the covered regions”.One administration official told reporters that additional measures would be announced on Wednesday, but those were separate from a wider set of sanctions that Washington has promised to implement with its allies if Russia invades Ukraine.“This isn’t a further invasion since it’s territory that they’ve already occupied,” that official said.Bloomberg has reported the US is moving its Ukraine embassy staff out of the country and into Poland for security reasons - . They are expected to return tomorrow if the Russian invasion doesn’t occur.Australia’s Minister for Foreign Affairs Marise Payne has directed all of Australia’s embassy staff to leave Ukraine for Poland and Romania, temporarily closing the office that was set up in Lvivi last week after embassy staff left Kyiv.Following Prime Minister Scott Morrison, who earlier said claims the troops were peace keepers was “nonsense,” Paye said Putin’s recognition of the separatist states “had no validity under rule of law” and that sanctions would follow.She called on all Australians remaining in Ukraine to leave immediately.SanctionsBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson told Zelensky a Russian invasion was possible within hours or days and Britain would explore sending further defensive support to Ukraine and announce sanctions on Russia.“Outlining his grave concern at recent developments in the region, the Prime Minister told President Zelensky that he believed an invasion was a real possibility in the coming hours and days,” Johnson’s office said.He denounced Putin’s move to recognise the regions as independent as a “breach of international law”.Loading“It’s a ... flagrant violation of the sovereignty and integrity of Ukraine,” Johnson said.British Foreign Minister Liz Truss said she had agreed with European Union foreign policy chief Josep Borrell that Britain and the EU would coordinate to deliver swift sanctions against Russia.“We agreed [Britain] and [the EU] will coordinate to deliver swift sanctions against Putin’s regime and stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Ukraine,” Truss said on Twitter following a call with Borrell.Putin speechEarlier on Tuesday AEDT, Putin signed a decree recognising the two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine as independent entities, upping the ante in a crisis the West fears could unleash a war.LoadingIn a lengthy televised address, Putin, looking visibly angry, described Ukraine as an integral part of Russia.Sweeping through more than a century of history, he painted today’s Ukraine as a modern construct that is inextricably linked to Russia. He charged that Ukraine had inherited Russia’s historic lands and after the Soviet collapse was used by the West to contain Russia.He brushed off Western warnings that such a step would be illegal and would kill off peace negotiations and that he was confident the Russian people would support his decision.Putin sought to justify his decision in the pre-recorded speech by blaming NATO for the crisis and calling the US-led alliance an existential threat to his country.Pretext to invadeSeparately, Moscow said Ukrainian military saboteurs had tried to enter Russian territory in armed vehicles leading to five deaths, an accusation dismissed as “fake news” by Kyiv.Both developments fit a pattern repeatedly predicted by Western governments, who accuse Russia of preparing to use a false flag, or by blaming Kyiv for attacks and relying on pleas for help from separatist proxies.Washington says Russia has now massed a force numbering 169,000-190,000 troops in the region, including pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, and could invade other parts of the country within days.Reuters, Bloomberg, APGet a note direct from our foreign correspondents on what’s making headlines around the world. . 
20220221_173939_uga_C000186_A000032	www.forbes.com	https://www.forbes.com/sites/jamiecartereurope/2022/02/21/rocky-super-earth-planets-may-have-better-defences-for-life-than-our-own-say-scientists/	UGA	Kepler-62f (also known by its Kepler Object of Interest designation KOI-701.04) is a super-Earth ... [+] exoplanet orbiting within the habitable zone of the star Kepler-62, the outermost of five such planets discovered by NASAs Kepler spacecraft. It is located about 1,200 light-years (370 parsecs, or nearly 1.135Ń1016 km) from Earth in the constellation of Lyra. (Photo by: Universal History Archive/ Universal Images Group via Getty Images) Universal Images Group via Getty Images We keep finding “super-Earths.” Exoplanets in between the sizes of Earth and Neptune are the most common exoplanets of all, but they’re confusing. Are they like rocky like Earth, with atmospheres and liquid water, but just ... bigger? Or are they actually “mini-Neptunes” where a volatile gas envelope exists and where there are temperatures and pressures not conducive to life? It’s a critical distinction in the search for life. Not least because the extreme pressure and temperature conditions in exoplanets with masses a few times bigger than the Earth are not well understood. So why not employ one of the most powerful lasers on the planet to learn more about “super-Earths?” For their paper in Science Richard Kraus at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and colleagues started with the knowledge that the only known habitable planet in the universe so far—Earth—has a magnetic field. It protects life from harmful solar winds carrying charged particles. What about “super-Earths?” Do rocky examples of these planets have a magnetic field and, thus, a protective , that makes them theoretically habitable? Yes, says their research—and they may even have a longer-lasting magnetosphere than our own planet. Earth has a dynamo-generated magnetosphere generated by the convective motion of molten iron in its outer core. The temperature at which iron melts under extreme pressures largely defines its size and nature. Using very high-energy lasers at the National Ignition Facility of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory to create the same heat thought to be present in “super-Earth” cores the scientists were able to determine the melting temperature of iron. They actually determined the melting point of iron up to 1000 gigapascals (Gpa), which is about three times the pressure of Earth’s core. The conclusion? A liquid metal core—and, therefore, a protective magnetosphere—lasts the longest on terrestrial exoplanets about four to six times Earth’s mass. So magnetospheres in “super-Earths” could be more prevalent than previously thought, but also last longer than on Earth-sized rocky planets. Since protective magnetic fields are considered necessary for life as we know it to survive that makes “super-Earths” likely to have a longer duration of magnetically-shielded habitability than Earth. Does this make “super-Earths” the exoplanets to aim for in the search for life? No, because planets significantly larger than Earth are much more likely to be “mini-Neptunes” than rocky “super-Earths” with atmospheres. But when exoplanet scientists find high density, and so probably rocky “super-Earths” it could be worth having a closer look. Wishing you clear skies and wide eyes. 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000207_A000001	www.mmegi.bw	https://www.mmegi.bw/news/no-khama-no-masisi-autlwetse/news	BWA	The Minister of Local Government and Rural Development, Kgotla Autlwetse has said as long as former president Ian Khama’s uncles do not bring him to meet President Mokgweetsi Masisi, they will not meet the President either. The uncles wrote a press release on Friday calling on Masisi to meet them and accussing Autlwetse of being “a conflicted emissary with a vested political interest in the stand-off between his boss Masisi and his Paramount Chief Khama. Speaking to this publication in a 30-minute call, Autlwetse said he is not moved by any accusations stating that he would continue serving impartially as a minister. “What they say about me and labelling me is personal opinion, which they are entitled to.I am not conflicted and I am only doing my job as the minister responsible for Bogosi. All those who came to me, Kgosi Mokhutshwane Sekgoma was a permanent secretary, Mma Monyena and Iphemele Kgokgothwane were senior public servants and they know protocol. I told them and repeat that the only way for them to meet with the President over the issue will be if Khama is present,” he said. Autlwetse said he was shocked to learn of the press release while he had thought he had made it clear to the delegation he met that Masisi had said he would only meet them if they come with Khama. “I made it clear to them that the President is willing and ready to meet them and Khama.It only makes sense that the two parties be there when the matter is deliberated. They are now making excuses and assumptions that he could be killed or arrested when he comes for the meeting. I can assure you that no one will be killed as both parties would bring their security. On whether he could be arrested, they should ask the judiciary that one. And also, Khama is in a better position to know whether he could be arrested or not. If he did not commit any crime, then there is no need for him to worry about that,” he said. Autlwetse further said the President has made attempts to reach out before sending elders to Khama only for Khama to accuse them of bias. “David Magang, Dr Festus Mogae and Patrick Balopi all met with Khama who later accused them of bias. He then chose Satar Dada and Charles Tibone amongst others to mediate only for him to later discard them saying they were biased,” he said.Autlwetse accused Bogosi of meddling in politics stating that it is the main reason there is a stand off in the matter. “If the matter was being resolved by just uncles as Dikgosi and not politicians, the matter could be resolved with ease. It is just a matter of reconciling and there is no need to cause alarm alleging that people would be killed or arrested. What they are doing is treating the Kgotla like a freedom square and politicking there is wrong,” he said.Autlwetse said he continues to hear of attacks from both Bogosi and Serowe residents. He, however, said he was not moved and will continue carrying out his ministerial duties impartially. 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000207_A000012	global.chinadaily.com.cn	http://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202202/22/WS621438a1a310cdd39bc88129.html	BWA	By BELINDA ROBINSON in New York | China Daily | Updated: 2022-02-22 09:12 People line up in Times Square for a COVID-19 test during the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic in the Manhattan borough of New York City, Jan 4, 2022. [Photo/Agencies] Strain detected in New York wastewater days before South Africa announcement The Omicron variant of the coronavirus was detected in New York Citys wastewater days before it was officially announced in South Africa and a week before the first case was confirmed in the United States, according to a report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The findings from a CDC report in January showed that a resident of New York likely had the highly transmissible Omicron variant four days before South Africa declared it of concern to the international community on Nov 25. It also was found in the citys wastewater 10 days before the US reported its first confirmed case of Omicron on Dec 1. Wastewater data provides valuable information about the spread of the coronavirus because those who are infected shed it in their feces. Scientists collect samples from wastewater, which are sent to a laboratory for sequencing to determine the levels of the virus in a community or city. They may see new mutations of the virus often before clinical diagnosis or cases are confirmed. John Dennehy, a professor of biology at Queens College of the City University of New York, researches virus evolution, ecology and emerging viruses in new host populations. Dennehy told China Daily: Monitoring SARS-CoV-2 is an effective means of determining the level of COVID-19 circulating in a city. In cities with sewers, everyone contributes to the wastewater, thus wastewater provides an unbiased snapshot of SARS-CoV-2 prevalence. By contrast, estimating prevalence through positive PCR tests may miss infected individuals who do not see medical attention or test at home. Since mid-2020, Dennehy has been a part of a team of scientists that have been monitoring New York Citys wastewater each week for levels of the coronavirus. On Nov 21, the team collected a sample from the citys wastewater and sent it for sequencing to find viruses two days later. In December, when the results came back, they immediately recognized a new variants distinct mutations as Omicron, just as it had become international news. There was a gap between when we collected the wastewater sample and when we received the sequencing data, Dennehy explained. When we received the sequencing data, the Omicron variant had just appeared in the news, and we immediately recognized Omicrons presence in New York City. Although Omicron clearly arose in Africa, this finding suggests that there was community spread of Omicron at the time of sampling. The other scientists involved in the data collection were Marc Johnson at the University of Missouri, Monica Trujillo from Queensborough Community College and Davida Smyth at Texas A&M University. The CDCs study of Omicron in New Yorks wastewater does not provide concrete evidence that the variant was there before it was found elsewhere, and while the mutations were present, the variant was fragmented and may not have been all on the same genome, The New York Times reported. However, in November, researchers in California and Texas found traces of the Omicron variant in local wastewater, suggesting it was present there too before it was widely known. Alexandria Boehm, an environmental engineer at Stanford University and an author of the CDC study, used PCR tests capable of detecting Omicrons specific mutation. She got hits for Omicrons specific mutation from two samples collected in California, on Nov 25 in Merced and Nov 30 in Sacramento. Surge in cases From December 2021, the US experienced a surge in Omicron cases that sent people rushing out to buy PCR tests, which increased the strain on hospitals. In January, the CDC estimated that 99.5 percent of all COVID-19 cases were from the Omicron variant. But it was deemed less likely than the Delta variant to cause serious illness. On Feb 16, CDC Director Rochelle Walensky said during a White House press briefing that Omicron cases were declining. As of Monday, over 935,300 deaths in the US were caused by COVID-19, according to Johns Hopkins University, an average of 2,200 deaths a day. Last year, shortly after South Africa announced that it had discovered the Omicron variant, the European Union, Israel, Singapore, Great Britain and the United States banned all travel from the nation. Non-US citizens from eight neighboring African countries-Botswana, Eswatini, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia and Zimbabwe-also were banned from travel. The travel ban came under fire from United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, who described it as travel apartheid. It also was criticized by South Africa President Cyril Ramaphosa. The US lifted its travel ban on Dec 24, after Omicron cases began surging at home and worldwide. Now, as cases of Omicron wane in the US, the CDC said it still has several measures in place to monitor whether levels of the virus are rising or falling in communities nationwide. One measure is monitoring wastewater. At least 400 testing sites in 212 communities around the country are conducting wastewater surveillance. The testing sites will expand to 800 in the next four weeks. In February, the CDC began posting the information online. Testing in wastewater or our sewage systems can … provide an early warning of increased COVID-19 cases to help communities prepare, Walensky said in a White House press briefing on Feb 9. 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000207_A000033	www.sciencealert.com	https://www.sciencealert.com/china-denies-that-the-rocket-that-s-about-to-crash-into-the-moon-is-theirs	BWA	China on Monday denied responsibility for a rocket set to slam into , after experts said the piece of space junk likely came from Beijings lunar exploration program.Astronomers initially thought the wayward object that blasted off seven years ago and was abandoned in space after completing its mission. to be the booster for the Change 5-T1, launched in 2014 as part of the Chinese space agencys lunar exploration program.The rocket is expected to crash into the far side of the moon on March 4.But Chinas foreign ministry rejected the claim Monday, saying the booster in question had safely entered the Earths atmosphere and was completely incinerated.Beijing conscientiously upholds the long-term sustainability of activities in outer space, spokesman Wang Wenbin said at a regular press briefing.China has set its sights on becoming a space superpower and took a landmark step last year with the launch of the longest crewed mission to its new space station.The worlds second-largest economy has ploughed billions into its military-run space program and hopes to eventually send humans to the Moon.© 
20220221_173939_ind_C000227_A000008	www.moneycontrol.com	https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/politics/mc-election-live-updates-february-22-rahul-gandhi-doesnt-know-history-says-amit-shah-8145401.html	IND	Union Home Minister Amit Shah (Image Source: Amit Shah/Twitter screengrab) Curbs on rallies, road shows relaxed: ECThe Election Commission of India, in view of the dwindling COVID-19 cases, has further relaxed the restrictions that were imposed on physical rallies. The poll body on February 22 said rallies, public meetings, road shows and campaigns are allowed subject to the state disaster mamangement authoritys regulations. SP, BSP govts turned UP into bastion of terror, centre of riots: ShahUnion Home Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday targeted previous SP and BSP governments in Uttar Pradesh, alleging that they had turned the state into a bastion of terror and centre of riots. They had made the state a corridor of mafia but now a defence corridor is being built in the state, Shah said addressing an election event in Durga Puja Park of Pritam Nagar here.s government has eliminated the mafia in five years and if the Samajwadi-led government comes to power again, people like Azam Khan, Atiq Ahmed and Mukhtar Ansari will be out of jail, Shah alleged. There was a time when countrymade firearms were being made in Uttar Pradesh, he said. Previous SP-BSP governments had made the state a bastion of terror, centre of riots and a mafia corridor, he alleged. There was a time when countrymade firearms were being made in Uttar Pradesh, he said. (PTI)SP-BSP-Congress responsible for split in Muslim votes, says Peace Party chiefPeace Party President Dr Ayub, who is trying his luck once again in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls, on Tuesday blamed the SP, BSP and Congress for the split in secular and Muslim votes, and said if the three come together there will be no division of 90 per cent of these votes.Under the banner of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) smaller parties like the National Ulama Council led by Maulana Amir Rashadi, Kisan Party led by Kurmi leader Dr BL Verma, Janhit Kisan Party of Shyam Sundar Chaurasia, Nagrik Ekta Party led by Mohammad Shamim have united and entered the poll fray. The Peace Party of Dr Ayub is contesting on 50 seats as part of the UDA.On the split in Muslim votes and the BJP benefitting from it due to parties like Peace Party, Rashtriya Ulama Council and Asaduddin Owaisis AIMIM, Dr Ayub said its not Peace Party or Owaisis party which is responsible for the victory of the BJP but the Congress, SP and BSP together ensure victory of the saffron party. With secular votes, these parties also divide Muslim votes. Had they (SP, BSP, Congress) been together there would be no division of this 90 per cent votes, he said.Goas chief electoral officer seeks report over alleged violations in ballot paper voting during Assembly pollsGoas Chief Electoral Officer has sought reports from the returning officers of both districts and director general of police (DGP) in connection with the alleged violations reported during ballot paper voting for the legislative Assembly elections held on February 14, an official said on Tuesday.Talking to PTI, Chief Electoral Officer Kunal said North and South Goa district returning officers and the DGP were on Monday asked to submit a report within three days about the alleged violations reported during ballot paper voting for service voters.Vote for BJP as this election will decide Manipurs future for next 25 years, says PM ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said the BJPs double-engine government has laid strong a foundation for Manipur for the next 25 years. Addressing an election rally in Imphal, Modi said the stability and peace achieved in the last five years have to be made permanent, urging the people of the Northeastern state to re-elect the BJP government.Last month, Manipur completed 50 years of its formation. During this period, the state witnessed several governments and their works. But after decades of Congress rule, Manipur got only inequality, he said.In the last five years, BJPs double-engine government has worked with sincerity for the development of Manipur, he said, adding that you saw both good governance and good intention.Through hard work we have laid a strong foundation for the next 25 years, the prime minister said. This election will decide the future of Manipur for the next 25 years, he said.Modi called upon the first-time voters of the state to press the button for Lotus -- the BJPs election symbol, stating that they have become an important part of the governments agenda. The stability and peace which were established in the last five years, it has to be made permanent, Modi said. To achieve this, it is absolutely necessary to have a BJP government in the state, he said.Rakesh Tikait, other farm leaders to visit Prayagraj, Gorakhpur, VaranasiFarmer leader Rakesh Tikait along with other members of the Samyukta Kisan Morcha (SKM) will visit Prayagraj, Gorakhpur and Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh ahead of assembly elections in these districts. Tikait, the influential national spokesperson of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), which is part of the SKM, shared the information on social media. Tikait, the influential national spokesperson of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), which is part of the SKM, shared the information on social media.The SKM, an umbrella body of dozens of north Indian farmers unions, had spearheaded the agitation against the Centres now-repealed farm laws through protests that continued for over a year. BKU spokesperson Saurabh Upadhyay said the SKM will hold presence conference in Prayagraj on February 23, in Gorakhpur on February 28 and in Varanasi on March 2. BKU spokesperson Saurabh Upadhyay said the SKM will hold presence conference in Prayagraj on February 23, in Gorakhpur on February 28 and in Varanasi on March 2.Farmer leaders Rakesh Tikait, Shivkumar Sharma Kakkaji, Yogendra Yadav, among others, will visit these places as part of the SKM programme. We are not telling anyone whom to vote for, we are just asking people to punish those who are against farmers, Upadhyay told PTI. Assembly polls are scheduled in Prayagraj on February 27, in Gorakhpur on March 3 and in Varanasi on March 7. Election results will be declared on March 10. Assembly polls are scheduled in Prayagraj on February 27, in Gorakhpur on March 3 and in Varanasi on March 7. Election results will be declared on March 10.While Uttar Pradesh government ministers like Nand Gopal Gupta and Siddharth Nath Singh are among popular BJP candidates in the fray from Prayagraj, Chief Minister will be contesting assembly polls from Gorakhpur. Varanasi is the Lok Sabha constituency of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and considered a bastion of the BJP. Varanasi is the Lok Sabha constituency of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and considered a bastion of the BJP.Punjab Politics TV banned: Apps, websites, social media accounts prohibited under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) ActThe Ministry of Information & Broadcasting, on February 22, announced an order to block apps, websites, and social media accounts of foreign-based “Punjab Politics TV”. The order states that Punjab Politics TV has close links with Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), an organisation that has been declared unlawful under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967.The ministry further stated that the YouTube channel was attempting to use online media to disturb public order during the ongoing State Assembly Elections. Following intelligence inputs, the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting used emergency powers under the IT Rules on February 18 to block the digital media resources of Punjab Politics TV.It further stated that the contents of the blocked apps, websites and social media accounts had the potential to incite communal disharmony and separatism. The ministry also found that the content on Punjab Politics TV was “detrimental to the sovereignty and integrity of India, security of the State, and public order.” It was also observed that the launch of new apps and social media accounts was timed to gain traction during the ongoing elections.Recently, Union Home Minister Amit Shah assured Punjab Chief Minister Charanjit Singh Channi that the government has taken the matter of alleged support to the AAP by the banned separatist group and asserted that no one will be allowed to play with Indias unity and integrity.SP-BSP-Congress responsible for split in Muslim votes: Peace Party leaderPeace Party President Dr Ayub, who is trying his luck once again in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls, on Tuesday blamed the SP, BSP and Congress for the split in secular and Muslim votes, and said if the three come together there will be no division of 90 per cent of these votes.Under the banner of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) smaller parties like the National Ulama Council led by Maulana Amir Rashadi, Kisan Party led by Kurmi leader Dr BL Verma, Janhit Kisan Party of Shyam Sundar Chaurasia, Nagrik Ekta Party led by Mohammad Shamim have united and entered the poll fray. The Peace Party of Dr Ayub is contesting on 50 seats as part of the UDA.On the split in Muslim votes and the BJP benefitting from it due to parties like Peace Party, Rashtriya Ulama Council and Asaduddin Owaisis AIMIM, Dr Ayub said its not Peace Party or Owaisis party which is responsible for the victory of the BJP but the Congress, SP and BSP together ensure victory of the saffron party. With secular votes, these parties also divide Muslim votes. Had they (SP, BSP, Congress) been together there would be no division of this 90 per cent votes, he said.PM Modi in Imphal says BJP work in Manipur in the last 5 years has laid the foundation for the next 25 yearsIn the last 5 years, BJPs double engine government worked towards the overall development of Manipur. You have seen BJPs good governance and good intentions. Our work in the last 5 years has laid the foundation for the next 25 years, says PM Modi in ImphalWhy UP govt did not move SC over bail to Ashish Mishra: Jayant ChaudharyRashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) chief Jayant Chuadhary on Tuesday slammed the -led Uttar Pradesh government over the Lakhimpur Kheri incident, alleging the BJP is anti-farmer. He also questioned why the UP government did not file a review petition in the Supreme Court after the decision of the Allahabad High Court, which granted bail to Ashish Mishra, a key accused in the case and son of Union Minister Ajay Mishra.His remarks come a day after families of victims of the Lakhimpur Kheri violence moved Supreme Court and a day ahead of assembly elections in the district. Yogi ji should tell, why was he so happy with Ashish Mishra Teni getting bail? Why the UP government did not submit a review petition in the Supreme Court against the decision of the Allahabad High Court? The point is clear: BJP government is anti-farmer, Chaudhary tweeted in Hindi.A single judge bench of the high court, on February 10, had granted the relief of bail to Mishra who had spent four months in custody. On October 3, last year, eight people were killed in Lakhimpur Kheri during violence that erupted when farmers were protesting against Uttar Pradesh Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Mauryas visit to the area.Four farmers were moved down by the SUV. A driver and two BJP workers were then allegedly lynched by angry farmers. A journalist had also died in the violence that triggered outrage among opposition parties and farmer groups agitating over the Centres now-repealed agri laws.It is not proper for a CM to compare 2 states: Pinarayi Vijayan on s remarksKerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan on Tuesday termed his Uttar Pradesh counterpart s recent alleged disparaging remarks against the southern state as an inappropriate one made with political interests. While referring to the recent episode in the state Assembly, he said he has a view that it is not appropriate for a Chief Minister to compare two states and so he does not want to go deep into the details of the issue.Kerala is far ahead in various sectors and the growth the state has achieved is unparalleled. His comments can be viewed only as an inappropriate one made with political interests, Vijayan told the state Assembly. In a video message to the electorate ahead of the UP Assembly polls earlier this month, Adityanath had warned them that the north Indian state could soon become a Kashmir, Bengal or Kerala if they commit any mistakes in the election.Hitting back at Adityanath, Vijayan, who is also a senior CPI(M) leader, had said if the north Indian state develops like Kerala, people will enjoy peace and better living conditions. If UP turns into Kerala as @m fears, it will enjoy the best education, health services, social welfare, living standards and have a harmonious society in which people wont be murdered in the name of religion and caste. Thats what the people of UP would want, the Kerala CM said in a tweet. Vijayan also tweeted the same in Hindi and tagged his UP counterpart.UP Election 2022: 59 assembly constituencies to vote in 4th phase on February 23; 624 candidates in frayAs many as 56 assembly seats spread across nine districts will go to polls in fourth phase of assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh on February 23.A total of 624 candidates are in the fray for the seats that cover Pilibhit, Lakhimpur-Kheri, Sitapur, Lucknow, Hardoi, Unnao, Rae Bareli, Fatehpur and Banda districts in Rohilkhand, Terai region, Awadh and Bundelkhand regions of the state. The phase includes 16 reserved constituencies.As many as 172 of the 403 seats in Uttar Pradesh Assembly have voted in first three phases of elections. The remaining seats will vote in four phases till March 7 while the results will be declared on March 10, along with the results of Goa, Uttarakhand, Punjab and Manipur.This phase of UP assembly election is considered crucial for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress. For the BJP, that had won 51 of 59 seats in 2017 assembly polls, challenge would be retain its seats in Terai region where it’s member of parliament (MP) Varun Gandhi has been breaking ranks and seeking accountability from the BJP government, at Centre and in state, on a host of issues. Gandhi’s parliament seat Pilibhit has four seats and all have BJP MLAs.Crowd gathers at Imphals Luwangsangbam sports complex for PM Modis rallyBharatiya Janata Party supporters gathered at Imphals Luwangsangbam sports complex for Prime Minister Narendra Modis rally, ahead of Manipur Assembly polls. Manipur to vote on Feb 28 & 5 March.Goa TMC chief Kiran Kandolkar claims I-PAC abandoned party candidates after Assembly pollsGoa Trinamool Congress (TMC) chief Kiran Kandolkar has claimed that their political consultant I-PAC abandoned the party candidates after the state Assembly polls held last week. Talking to reporters here on Monday, Kandolkar also said he was not quitting as TMCs Goa unit chief, but was upset with I-PAC head Prashant Kishor and his team.There have been speculations since some time about a rift between the TMC and I-PAC (Indian Political Action Committee), which had helped the Mamata Banerjee-led party during the West Bengal Assembly polls. The TMC contested the Goa Assembly elections in alliance with the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP).Polling was held on February 14 and the counting of votes will be done on March 10. Kandolkar had contested the election from Aldona Assembly seat, while his wife Kavita contested from Thivim on TMCs ticket.He claimed that most of the TMC candidates in Goa felt they were abandoned by the I-PAC after the polls. All candidates fielded by the TMC have some or the other issues with the I-PAC. When the candidates told me about their issues with Prashant Kishor and his I-PAC team, I discussed the matter with my party workers, who advised me to quit as the TMC Goa president, he said. I am not quitting as TMC Goa head, but I am upset with Prashant Kishor and the I-PAC team, he said.A meeting of all party candidates has been called on Tuesday to discuss the polling in their respective Assembly constituencies, he added.PM Modi election rallies todayPrime Minister Narendra Modi will address election rallies in Imphal, Manipur and Bahraich, Uttar Pradesh todaySP and BSP have back stabbed Muslims: Asaduddin OwaisiAIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Monday said the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party have back stabbed Muslims, even after they voted for these parties. Addressing an election meeting here in support of All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AMIM) candidate Akram Beg, he also said that they will talk about Muslims till the elections and after its over, they will forget about you.Assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh are being held in seven phases and the fourth is on February 23. SP-BSP is making you feel afraid for the past 30 years and taking your vote. You have given your vote to the SP and the BSP, but you have been stabbed in the back. Your children did not get education, jobs, and poverty became our destiny, Owaisi said.Taking a jibe at Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister , he said, The chief minister only speaks about garmi and sardee. Are you a meteorologist? Owaisi also highlighted the problems of farmers.The SP and the BSP could not defeat the BJP in 2014, 2017 and 2019. Do not show me the fear of Modi-Yogi, I am not going to be afraid of anyone, he said. Referring to the hijab row, Owaisi said that the hijab issue is that of me and you (hijab kaa masla mera aapka hai), but the SP and the BSP have not even spoken on this.Voter turnout nearly 72% in Punjab, lowest compared to last three assembly pollsA voter turnout of nearly 72 per cent was recorded in Punjab where polling for 117 assembly seats was held on Sunday. According to data shared by the office of Punjabs chief electoral officer (CEO) on Monday evening, the final voter turnout was 71.95 per cent in the state.This is the lowest voting percentage when compared to that observed in the three previous assembly elections. In the 2017 Punjab assembly polls, the voting percentage was 77.40. The percentage in 2007 and 2012 was 75.45 and 78.20 respectively. In the 2002 elections, the voting percentage was 65.14.It took more than 24 hours, after polling ended at 6 pm on Sunday, for the office of Punjabs CEO to release the final turnout figure. CEO S Karuna Raju said that out of the total 2,14,99,804 voters, 1,54,69,618 exercised their franchise.There were 81,33,930 men voters and 73,35,406 women voters while 282 were transgenders. Polled EVMS have been moved to the 117 strong rooms at 66 locations in the state. As per the Election Commissions guidelines, a three-tier security has been deployed and security forces are keeping strict vigil round the clock, Raju said. Polled EVMS have been moved to the 117 strong rooms at 66 locations in the state.Among 117 assembly constituencies, Gidderbaha in Muktsar district recorded the highest voter turnout at 84.93 per cent followed by Talwandi Sabo at 83.70 per cent and Sardulgarh at 83.64 per cent. Amritsar West recorded the lowest percentage at 55.40 per cent, Ludhiana South at 59.04 per cent and Amritsar Central at 59.19 per cent.Wind blowing in favour of BJP has dashed opposition hopes: Dinesh SharmaUttar Pradesh Deputy Chief Minister Dinesh Sharma on Monday said the BJP is going to break all its previous victory records in the ongoing assembly polls in the state. Today, the wind is blowing in support of the BJP. Many veterans of rival political parties will have their poll deposits forfeited. The opposition which was planning to cross the electoral river on the plank of casteism and communal polarisation has been washed away, Sharma said at an election meeting here.The wind blowing in favour of the BJP has dashed the hopes of the opposition, he said. The BJP government gave facilities to the people, while governments of the opposition parties gave the pain of loot, murder, dacoity, riots and crimes against women. In the past five years, there were no riots in the state, Sharma said.He added that during the previous governments, people were forced to undertake exodus in western Uttar Pradesh, while under the BJP government, action has been initiated against criminals, and the mafia has fled the state. Lucknow will vote on February 23. Lucknow will vote on February 23.UP polls no ordinary elections, fight between development and goonda raj: Smriti IraniUnion Minister and BJP leader Smriti Irani on Monday said that the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls was no ordinary elections and it was a fight between values and goonda raj. Addressing a rally in support of party candidate Harshvardhan Bajpai, she attacked Samajwadi Partys , saying, We have seen how a chief of a party was pushed on stage by his own son. was seen in a video purportedly pushing his father Mulayam Singh Yadav on a stage during a power struggle within the party before the 2017 assembly elections. See the difference in values. On one side, senior SP leaders are pushed from stage and on the other, BJPs Harshvardhan Bajpai bows to his father, she said. See the difference in values.This Uttar Pradesh poll is no ordinary elections, its development versus goonda raj and security versus goonda raj, Irani said. She also stressed that the BJP government was all about ensuring law and order.Rahul Gandhi doesn’t know history, Modi govt responded to all challenges posed by China: Amit ShahUnion Home Minister Amit Shah questioned Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on the latter’s knowledge about history with regard to Indo-China relations. Shah also accused Gandhi of breaking protocols to meet a Chinese delegation.“Rahul Gandhi doesn’t know the history of this country. He doesn’t know what happened in 1962 and because of whom. The Narendra Modi government has given strong reply to every challenge posed by China,” Shah said in an interview with Network18 Group Editor-in-Chief Rahul Joshi. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000227_A000029	sports.ndtv.com	https://sports.ndtv.com/cricket/watch-smriti-mandhana-takes-a-stunning-catch-to-dismiss-sophie-devine-in-india-vs-new-zealand-4th-womens-odi-2781666	IND	NZW vs INDW: Smriti Mandhana took a stunning diving catch to get rid of Sophie Devine.© TwitterThe fourth womens ODI between India and New Zealand on Tuesday had to be reduced to a 20-over game following a rain delay. But the shortened the game immediately saw some high-octane action after India won the toss and put hosts New Zealand into bat at the John Davies Oval in Queenstown. New Zealand captain Sophie Devine looked in ominous touch and smashed the Indian bowlers to all parts of the ground. But her stay at the crease ended thanks to a stunning diving catch from Smriti Mandhana at backward point.Devine (32) was going great guns when received a hit-me ball from Renuka Singh. The New Zealand absolutely belted the ball but it went in the air. Mandhana, who returned to the team after missing the first three ODIs, dived to her left and grabbed the ball with both hands.Watch Smriti Mandhanas brilliant catch to dismiss Sophie Devine in INDW vs NZW 4th ODI:New Zealand have already clinched the five-match series by taking a 3-0 unassailable lead, making the fourth and fifth ODI a mere formality.India made a few changes to the playing XI with Mandhana returning. T20I captain Harmanpreet Kaur and veteran pacer Jhulan Goswami were not named in the playing XI.For New Zealand, batter Brooke Halliday has been ruled out of the remainder of the series after being deemed a close contact of a Covid-19 case.PromotedLea Tahuhu, Maddy Green and Fran Jonas were also unavailable for the fourth ODI.At the time of writing this, New Zealand Women were 137/3 in 14 overs.Topics mentioned in this article 
20220221_173939_mys_C000229_A000020	www.myeverydaytech.com	https://www.myeverydaytech.com/samsung-the-freestyle-interest-reg-galaxy-tab-a7-lite-promo/	MYS	Samsung Malaysia is releasing a couple of new news regarding the upcoming unique projector The Freestyle alongside a little promo info for the Galaxy Tab A7 Lite. As the all-new portable screen and entertainment device wrapped in a small form factor, The Freestyle is capable of delivering an optimal viewing experience with no boundaries by casting the footage onto any surface without issue while packing with professional features like full auto keystone and leveling functions to cut down the setup time to a minimum. With a 360° sound powered by dual passive woofers, users can now start to register their interest in order to receive the latest news drop about it through this . Onto the other news, Samsung Malaysia is currently offering a complimentary 1-Year Samsung Care+ Protection Plan for any purchase of the Galaxy Tab A7 Lite since the tablet itself is a lightweight device and are prone to finger slip when handling a thin and light item but fear not as the extended coverage plan will be taking care of the after-sales repairing service should anything happen to the tablet. Related Continue Reading 
20220221_173939_mys_C000229_A000023	www.thestar.com.my	https://www.thestar.com.my/lifestyle/entertainment/2022/02/22/039america039s-got-talent039-singer-jane-039nightbirde039-marczewski-dies-at-31-after-cancer-battle	MYS	Jane Nightbirde Marczewski, the singer whose breakout performance as a contestant on the latest season of Americas Got Talent made her a fan favorite, died Saturday at age 31 after battling cancer for four years. Your voice, your story, and your message touched millions, read a statement from the show shared with USA Today. Nightbirde will always be a member of the AGT family. Rest In Peace, Jane. Nightbirdes family confirmed her death with the deepest heartache. We, her family, are devastated by her passing and unimaginable loss. Many remember her from Americas Got Talent, where she performed her song Its OK and inspired millions of people around the globe with her messages of faith and never giving up, the family said Monday in a statement to USA Today.Those who knew her, enjoyed her larger-than-life personality and sense of humor. She had a witty joke for every occasion — even if the joke was on her. Her lasting legacy will be the gift of hope she gave to so many through her music and the strength she found in Jesus.VIDEO Show host Terry Crews also shared the news on social media Monday, posting a photo of Nightbirde to Instagram and writing, We are saddened to learn about @_nightbirdes Passing. Our Condolences goes to her Closest Family & Friends in such of This difficult time. We Love you, Nightbirde. TMZ first reported the news of the singers death. Ohio singer Marczewski had to withdraw from the NBC competition show midway through the 16th season in August, revealing that her health had taken a turn for the worse since her audition. The singer-songwriters exit came just after she captured Americas heart during her emotional performance of her original song about being more than her cancer, titled Its OK, which earned her a Golden Buzzer from Simon Cowell. I am so sad to announce that I wont be able to continue forward on this season of AGT, she wrote on Instagram at the time. Life doesnt always give breaks to those that deserve it — but we knew that already. Marczewski previously shared she has a 2% chance of survival with some cancer in my lungs, spine and liver. She added, But 2% isnt 0%. Two percent is something and I wish people knew how amazing it is. The AGT community took to social media to mourn the singer. Judge Howie Mandel tweeted Monday that @_nightbirde was such a bright inspirational light in all our lives. We must continue to live and learn from her words and lyrics. As much as I feel horribly about her passing I feel lucky to to have met, heard and known her, he said. Judge Heidi Klum shared a photo of Nightbirde on her Instagram story, writing We love you and rest in peace. Former CNN anchor Chris Cuomo said in a tweet that Nightbirde was a gift. To me to you to us. She showed strength despite weakness... she worshiped the present ability to love and be loved. I will live her lesson best I can. Rest in peace, beautiful friend. After her emotional exit from the show, the singer returned virtually to provide an update following her departure. I cannot say thank you enough for the opportunity to have a moment to share my story and we are witnessing such a beautiful picture of the human spirit, she said at the time, adding that the overwhelming amount of support she received has restored my faith in humanity. Cowell said Marczewski made the right decision to focus on your well-being, your health and your recovery. You made the decision, rightly so, that your health is your priority right now and I know the last time we spoke you actually said that you feel like you let people down, Cowell told her, holding back tears. On behalf of all of us, you havent let anyone down. Even though you havent competed — you already won. – USA Today/Tribune News Service 
20220221_173939_mys_C000242_A000026	www.soompi.com	https://www.soompi.com/article/1514105wpp/jun-so-min-unable-to-film-the-sixth-sense-3-due-to-schedule-changes-following-injury-to-remain-as-a-cast-member	MYS	will be unable to participate in the newest season of “The Sixth Sense.” Previously, tvN’s hit variety show “The Sixth Sense” that the six members from Season 2 will also be starring in the third season. On February 22, a source from tvN revealed, “Due to Jun So Min’s leg injury (), adjusting her filming schedule has become inevitable because of the delay in filming schedule for the drama she previously planned before the filming of ‘The Sixth Sense 3.” They added, “The production team and agency worked to adjust the schedule, but ultimately, she will be unable to participate together in ‘The Sixth Sense 3’ this time.” Previously in January, it was that Jun So Min had received surgery for her foot fracture. A source from Jun So Min’s agency King Kong by Starship also confirmed, “Due to her foot fracture and drama schedule adjustment, [Jun So Min] is unable to participate in this season (‘The Sixth Sense 3’).” However, Jun So Min will not be leaving the show since she will only be unable to participate in Season 3, and she may still be able to participate in Season 4 following schedule adjustments. “The Sixth Sense” cast consists of , , , , and ‘s Mijoo. The tvN program tests the cast’s “sixth sense” through fun missions in which they must sniff out fakes hidden among the real. “The Sixth Sense 3” will on March 11. Watch Jun So Min in “” below: Source () () How does this article make you feel? 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000251_A000002	www.nzherald.co.nz	https://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/covid-19-omicron-outbreak-community-testing-sites-in-auckland-continue-to-face-high-demand/IE5O24X54A6CARLPFJIE7N44TA/	NZL	143 in hospital with virus, daily cases hit new high of 2846. Video / NZ HeraldTesting stations throughout Auckland have been swamped as cars clog the surrounding streets waiting to get a swab and GP clinics in many parts of the country are also feeling the pressure.Some 10 per cent people getting Covid tests in Auckland and Northland are waiting longer than five days to get their result, with the median time being two days.A Northern Region Health Coordination Centre spokesperson said test demand remained high across Auckland with some people being redirected to sites where queues were not as long.By 8am this morning more than 50 cars were in line at the Manurewa Testing Centre.Northcote Testing Station faced similar delays this morning with cars backed up along Lake and Exmouth Rds.There were also reports of Balmoral Testing Centre being closed for a few hours to clear congestion, and White Cross St Lukes testing station was also swamped.An NRHCC spokesperson said community testing centres may close their queues with minimal notice or turn people away for a time if the queues posed a risk to traffic safety or when the number of cars queuing exceeded the time remaining to complete the testing site before the site is due to close.The only people who need to be tested are those who had Covid-19 symptoms, are close contacts, returned a positive RAT, are required to have a test under a mandatory testing order or have been told to get a test by a health official.The testing requirement for close contacts had also changed in Auckland with household contacts only required to be tested on day eight and non-household contacts only needing to be tested on day five.We understand that extended waiting times can be frustrating, but we ask that you are patient with our testing staff who are working as quickly and as carefully as they can.Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said today she understood the anxiety felt by people who were seeking a test because they were worried but pleaded with people to only seek a test if they met the requirements.Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern speaking to media in Auckland on Tuesday and covered a range of topics, including testing demand. Photo / Dean PurcellThe most important message I can share – our testing stations continue to report that a large portion of people who are coming through are worried but not necessarily requiring tests. If you dont meet any of [the testing] criteria, we do ask that you dont go to our testing station. It is causing long lines.All 17 community testing centres in Auckland have enough PCR and rapid antigen tests, NRHCC said.Last week NRHCC warned people that test results could take up to five days to process, while Waikato DHB warned it could take up to seven days for people in its region to get test results back.One Auckland resident took their 7-year-old to get tested last Friday and is still waiting for the result. They received a text message yesterday saying it would be completed within 72 hours, which means it will have taken an entire week to get the results.NZ Institute of Medical Laboratory Science president Terry Taylor said the labs were overrun with tests and still had a backlog from last week to clear.Although the introduction of RATs at testing centres in Auckland and Waikato this week had reduced the number of PCR tests required by a third, demand still far outweighed testing capacity. Canterbury was also experiencing high demand for tests.The backlog is huge.Laboratories across the country are no longer pooling samples so processing capacity has dropped from about 60,000 samples a day to just 25,000 nationwide.Taylor said laboratories got hit pretty hard early. I thought it would take a week before we got overrun, it only happened in three days so that just shows you the sheer volume of work coming into the testing centres and the samples in the laboratories.He said it was likely to still take about five days for test results to be processed.Samples were being prioritised on a clinical basis so those who were sicker could see results returned much sooner. People were testing positive for both Delta and Omicron.Taylor said it was no fault of the lab workers who were working around the clock to process as many tests as possible. We just physically dont have the capacity to do any more than we can.A West Auckland woman is facing an eight-day for her Covid test.The woman and her son got tested last Thursday morning after she had a runny nose and sore throat and she is still waiting for her test despite her son and friend being five cars ahead of her in the queue and receiving their results on Saturday evening.On Monday, she was told her test was still being processed and a text message this morning confirmed she would get the results within 72 hours.The woman said the whole process was extremely frustrating as she was now almost fully recovered, but still faced being stuck at home for another three days until the results landed.She questioned the point of even getting a test if it took so long. GP clinics also under the pump: The catch up game is huge Meanwhile, Dr Samantha Murton, president of the Royal New Zealand College of General Practitioners, says GP clinics across the country were under Covid-19 related pressures, including testing, as they juggled their business as usual tasks.[One of the] main pressures is the testing side of things. People are asking [for] tests, people ringing in about the testing process.Some clinics, like Murtons, direct people seeking a test to community sites while prioritising Covid-19 vaccinations and boosters.If we know that Omicron is in the door, then the more people we can boost, the better. If there are other services that can provide testing, then they need to be supported to provide the testing.GPs use the same laboratories as community testing sites so any delays in processing tests were also being reflected at GPs as well.At the same time as handling testing and other Covid-19 related demands, like checking in with vulnerable patients or managing cases, other day-to-day tasks still needed to be attended to - from childhood immunisations to ongoing prescribing.Sometimes, some things had to take a back foot, Murton said.Its hard to carve anything off but what does get carved off is the actual planned care, your diabetes annual reviews might get pushed out or your teenage vaccinations might get pushed out, or you might delay for a couple of weeks another vaccination and each of those adds up. The catch-up game is huge.There was a feeling of we have done what we can do and a readiness to face the tough situations that lay ahead among members, Murton said.We recognise that it is our gig, that we are going to have to face what we have to face.Until we get through the hump and the dust settles, were really not going to know how its going to pan out, Murton said.We are masters of uncertainty but the thing about this is, how high the wave is going to be. We can swim but how high do we have to swim and for how long? 
20220221_173939_phl_C000260_A000007	www.rappler.com	https://www.rappler.com/nation/tarlac-congressman-charlie-cojuangco-dies/	PHL	(1st UPDATE) Congressman Charlie Cojuangco, the youngest son of the late businessman Danding Cojuangco, dies at the age of 58 Tarlac 1st District Representative Carlos “Charlie” Cojuangco has died, his wife China Jocson announced on Tuesday, February 22. He was 58. “It is with a heavy heart that we regret to inform you that my husband, Claudia and Jaime’s father, Carlos ‘Charlie’ Cojuangco, has passed away,” Jocson announced in a Facebook post late Tuesday morning. She said that details of the wake and interment would be announced later. Cojuangco is the youngest son of the the late politician and businessman , who died in June 2020. Prior to the congressman’s death, he served as the chairman of the House of Representative’s flagship programs and projects committee, and vice chairperson of the appropriations committee. He was Negros Occidental 4th District representative for three consecutive terms, from 1998 to 2007. Cojuangco had filed his certificate of candidacy for reelection in October 2021, but was substituted a month later by Jaime Diaz Cojuangco, his son with late wife Rio Diaz. – Rappler.com 
20220221_173939_phl_C000260_A000023	www.zeibiz.com	https://www.zeibiz.com/2022/02/leeky-da-bike-star-americas-got-talent-extreme-agt-extreme-2022-audition/	PHL	Leeky Da BikeStar performs awesome motorbike stunt on America’s Got Talent: Extreme premiere episode, Monday, February 21, 2022. Watch his performance on the video below. VIDEO America’s Got Talent: Extreme will showcase the most outrageous, unique and jaw-dropping acts of enormous scale and magnitude that simply can’t be confined to a theater stage. Contestants will vie for a chance to win a $500,000 prize and the ultimate title, the champion of “America’s Got Talent: Extreme. Simon Cowell will judge alongside WWE superstar Nikki Bella and motocross and rally car driver Travis Pastrana. ”America’s Got Talent” host Terry Crews will also serve as host for “Extreme.” Excited for America’s Got Talent Extreme 2022? Write your thoughts on the comment section below. WRITE YOUR COMMENTS HERE! 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000264_A000017	news.sky.com	https://news.sky.com/story/oil-marches-towards-100-a-barrel-as-markets-watch-ukraine-crisis-deepen-12548449	BWA	Stock markets have plunged and Brent crude oil and natural gas costs have surged as the crisis over Ukraine deteriorates.In New York, the S&P 500 index ended 1% lower - leaving it more than 10% below an all-time high set in January. Brent crude, the international oil benchmark, was trading at $99.50 at one stage on Tuesday - its highest level since September 2014 - and market experts warned of an inevitable spike beyond $100 in the event of a full invasion of Ukraine by Russia.The price climbed by more than 4% as tanks and armoured personnel carriers were seen on the outskirts of Donetsk, the capital of one of two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine that Russia said it had now recognised as republics. US and European sanctions followed president Putins declaration - raising the stakes and driving volatility across market values globally about the extent of the fall-out. The UK said it was going to target initially while Germany said it had from Russia. A key fear for investors is that Putin could potentially respond by disrupting supplies of oil and gas to Europe, threatening to add to an energy-led global inflation spiral because of the continents reliance on Russian energy.UK contracts for next-day natural gas delivery were up by as much as 13% on Tuesday but, at 193p-per-therm, the cost is well down on levels above 400p seen last year.Contracts for future delivery saw a similar spike. Europe currently relies on Russia for more than 40% of its natural gas - with costs already reeling from weak stocks and supply disruption that have pushed UK energy bills to record levels, with the already.Stock markets in Asia were the first to react to the uncertainty created by Russias strategic move on Ukraine.The Hang Seng in Hong Kong was down by almost 3% while Japans Nikkei shed just shy of 2%. In London, the FTSE 100 opened 1.5% down led by banking and travel-related stocks but later recovered and closed 0.1% higher. The DAX in Frankfurt was 2.5% off in early trading but ended just 0.3% down on the day.Investors seemed to take some heart from Kremlin assurances that it was still open to diplomacy while safer commodity-linked shares came into sharper focus at the expense of riskier assets.But sentiment darkened again later as Russian legislators to use armed forces abroad. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player 0:25 Why FTSE 100 is bearing up as bears descend on Europe New Yorks stock indices had a mixed start but by the close of the session Dow Jones, S&P 500 and Nasdaq were all trading firmly in the red, each finishing 1% or more lower.Russias rouble-linked stock market, the MOEX, was 7% down - building on sharp losses witnessed on Monday - but also saw an improvement in afternoon trading in Moscow.Ipek Ozkardeskaya, senior analyst at Swissquote, wrote: The latest turn of events narrows the chances of a Russian pullback, and the window for diplomacy is almost shut. The US ordered new sanctions on Russia and the new Russian-backed republics; Europeans pledged to respond as well. This is the worst escalation since the Cold War.She added: The risk off mode will likely stay on for the coming hours, but at this point its hard to predict whats next.Any positive news could reverse the bearish action and lead to sudden jumps in risk asset prices, yet a further escalation of tensions, which now became the base case scenario, should further enhance gains in energy, safe haven assets and gold. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000273_A000016	economictimes.indiatimes.com	https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/forex/rupee-plunges-vs-dollar-as-growing-russia-ukraine-tensions-send-oil-soaring/articleshow/89741438.cms	PAK	NEW DELHI – The weakened sharply against the US as an escalation in tensions between Ukraine and Russia, and a subsequent surge in global crude oil prices eroded the domestic market’s risk appetite, dealers said. The partially convertible rupee opened at 74.6820 per US dollar as against 74.5050 per US dollar at the previous close. So far in the day, the rupee moved in a band of 74.7120-74.8100 against the greenback. Fears of an imminent Russian invasion of Ukraine deepened after the president of the former, Vladimir Putin, said his country would recognize separatists in the neighbouring state and that hostilities could continue. The US government responded by saying it would impose certain economic sanctions on the separatist portions of Ukraine. The global risk aversion sparked by the latest developments in Ukraine sent investors rushing to the safety of assets such as the US dollar and the yen, with the last at 96.20, much higher than 96.08 at the previous close. Moreover, with investors fearing a larger set of Western sanctions being imposed on Russia, international crude oil prices jumped to near seven-year highs. Brent crude futures rose 1.6 per cent to $96.94 on Tuesday, just shy of fresh seven-year highs. Elevated crude oil prices soured the view on the rupee by worsening the outlook on India’s trade deficit and inflation, given that the country is a huge importer of the commodity. Dealers said, however, that the rupee was unlikely to weaken past the psychologically significant 75.00/$1 level as banks would likely sell dollars on behalf of exporters noting higher dollar/rupee levels. “Yesterday importers got a good level to buy dollars after the fall was seen in the pair up to 74.36. As said yesterday 74.40 was good support and the pair made an upside of 74.60 at that point yesterday,” Anil Kumar Bhansali, Head of Treasury at Finrex Treasury Advisors said. “Exporters to wait for 75.00 levels to sell and importers to buy the downticks,” he said. Government bonds also sold off as the sharp rise in crude oil prices led to fear that domestic inflation could outstrip the RBI’s forecasts, compelling the central bank to tighten monetary policy sooner than expected, dealers said. Yield on the 10-year benchmark 6.54 per cent 2032 paper was last at 6.72 per cent, higher than 6.69 per cent at previous close. Bond prices and yields move inversely. Traders also expressed disappointment after the government chose to not cancel the last bond auction for the current financial year, scheduled Friday. After gilt yields – and the government’s borrowing costs - following the Union Budget, the Centre and its debt manager took the decision of cancelling two scheduled bond sales in order to ease the massive supply burden that the market is faced with. (Whats moving and Track , and on . Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, .) Download to get Daily Market Updates & Live Business News. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000273_A000024	www.bollywoodlife.com	https://www.bollywoodlife.com/news-gossip/entertainment-news-hrithik-roshan-and-his-rumoured-ladylove-saba-azad-enjoy-special-sunday-sadya-curated-by-the-latters-friends-2013813/	PAK	On Sunday, s rumoured girlfriend enjoyed Kerala food with the Roshan family. The chef who served them delicious Kerala cuisine took to her social media account and expressed her gratitude towards Saba and the Roshan family. She shared pictures with Hrithik and Saba from the lunch and wrote, Overwhelmed with joy n warmth n so much gratitude! And so so touched by the faith bestowed upon us by the loveliest Saba Azad to put together the Special Sunday Sadya from @naironfireindia. A Sunday well-spent cooking for the most gorgeous people in town<U+2665><U+FE0F>. Also Read - She also shared another picture and praised Saba as she wrote, When someone is so so particular about what and how and why of serving Kerala food as Saba Azad, the benchmarks are also pretty high!! Heartwarming to see such love for Mallu food and it was a fun, slightly anxious (you can make that out from our crazy hair??<U+200D><U+2640><U+FE0F>) and supremely rewarding afternoon. Also Read - Take a look at the post - Also Read - Earlier, Hrithiks uncle Rajesh Roshan had shared a picture from their family get-together on his Instagram and captioned it as, Happiness is always around...especially on a Sunday, specifically at lunchtime. Well, Hrithik and Sabas pictures have already sparked dating rumours and netizens are curious to know whether the two are dating. The dating rumours started when the duo was spotted walking out of a restaurant in Mumbai holding hands. On the work front, Hrithik was last seen in alongside Tiger Shroff in 2019. While Saba was seen in Rocket Boys. Stay tuned to BollywoodLife for the latest scoops and updates from , , , and . Click to join us on , , and . Also follow us on for latest updates. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000273_A000035	www.emergency-live.com	https://www.emergency-live.com/news/malawi-polio-returns-who-announcement/	PAK	Polio in Malawi: first polio case in Africa in more than five years This was announced in a statement issued by the WHO regional office. Africa was declared polio-free in August 2020 after the last case was recorded in in 2016. Laboratory tests show that the strain detected in Malawi is related to one that has been circulating in Pakistan’s Sindh province where polio remains endemic as well as in Afghanistan As an imported case from Pakistan, this detection does not affect the poliovirus-free status of the African region, WHO said. The wild polio virus has three known variants. Type 2 poliovirus was declared globally eradicated in 2015, type 3 in 2019. The type 1 variant, the last remaining active in the world, remains present in Afghanistan and Pakistan, while 95 per cent of the African population has achieved immunity and this was one of the conditions that the Commission for Regional Certification of Africa had set before declaring the continent free of wild polio, which indeed happened in 2020. “As long as polio exists anywhere in the world, all countries remain at risk of importation of the virus,” Dr Matshidiso Moeti said The doctor is the World Health Organisation (WHO) regional director for Africa. She added that “following the detection of polio in Malawi, we are taking urgent measures to prevent its potential spread. With the high level of polio surveillance on the continent and the ability to rapidly detect the virus, we can quickly launch a rapid response and protect children from the debilitating impact of this disease”. WHO is supporting Malawi’s health authorities to carry out a risk assessment and response to the outbreak, including additional immunisation. Disease surveillance is also being intensified in neighbouring countries. The rapid response team of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (Gpei), based at the WHO regional office in Africa, is also deploying a team to Malawi to support coordination, surveillance, data management, communications and operations. Partner organisations will also send teams to support emergency operations and innovative solutions for vaccination campaigns. “The last case of polio virus in Africa was identified in northern Nigeria in 2016 and globally there were only five cases in 2021. Any case of polio virus is a significant event and we will mobilise all resources to support the country’s response,” said Dr Modjirom Ndoutabe, polio coordinator in the WHO regional office for Africa. Polio is a highly infectious disease caused by a virus It invades the nervous system and can cause total paralysis within hours. The virus is transmitted from person to person mainly through the fecal-oral route or, less frequently, through contaminated water or food, and multiplies in the intestine. While there is no cure for polio, the disease can be prevented through the administration of a simple and effective vaccine. Read Also: Source: 
20220221_173939_phl_C000279_A000004	newsinfo.inquirer.net	https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1558161/doh-only-12-to-15-of-covid-19-patients-in-hospitals-are-severe-critical	PHL	MANILA, Philippines — Only 12 to 15 percent of COVID-19 patients admitted in hospitals have severe and critical cases of coronavirus infection, the Department of Health (DOH) said Tuesday. DOH data as of February 20 showed that of the 10,459 patients in hospitals, 1,151 or 11.35 percent are tagged as severe, while 450 or 4.84 percent are critical cases. “Kasabay ng patuloy na pagbaba ng mga kaso ng COVID-19 ang pagbaba ng bilang ng severe and critical cases na na-o-ospital… Batay sa aming latest data, labing-dalawa hanggang labing-limang porsyento na lamang ng national hospital admissions ang malubha at kritikal,” Health Undersecretary Maria Rosario Vergeire said in a Palace press briefing. (Along with the continued decrease of COVID-19 cases in the country is the decrease in the number of severe and critical cases being hospitalized… Based on our latest data, only 12 to 15 percent of our national hospital admissions are severe and critical cases.) Meanwhile, 1,724 or 16.24 percent of hospitalized patients are asymptomatic, 3,253 or 31.28 percent are mild, and 3,881 or 36.29 percent are moderate cases, the DOH data showed. Vergeire said the decrease in the number of severe and critical cases is proof that COVID-19 vaccines are effective in preventing the progression of the disease. She also said that among the SARS-CoV-2 variants of concerns, the Omicron variant registered the highest number of single-day increases in new cases but also the lowest proportion of severe and critical cases. Based on DOH data, only 65 or 1.57 percent out of 4,149 sequenced Omicron cases during the surge from December 30, 2021, to February 9, 2022, are severe and critical. Meanwhile, Delta recorded the highest proportion of severe and critical cases at 671 or 8.76 percent out of 7,656 sequenced cases from July 27 to December 29, 2021. The Philippines currently has 58,657 active cases of COVID-19, including 1,427 new cases on Monday. RELATED STORIES je Subscribe to our daily newsletter For more news about the novel coronavirus click For more information on COVID-19, call the DOH Hotline: (02) 86517800 local 1149/1150. The Inquirer Foundation supports our healthcare frontliners and is still accepting cash donations to be deposited at Banco de Oro (BDO) current account #007960018860 or donate through PayMaya using this Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. Subscribe to to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, 
20220221_173939_pak_C000285_A000033	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/astronomers-uncover-hidden-supermassive-black-hole/	PAK	An international team of astronomers led by Violeta Gámez Rosas (Leiden University) has observed a supermassive black hole hidden in a ring of dust. This discovery fits the idea that the so-called active centers of galaxies are much more similar than observations show, because the viewing angle from Earth causes distortions. The research was done with the MATISSE instrument, co-developed in the Netherlands, which combines infrared light from four European Very Large Telescopes (VLT) in Chile.MATISSE is the acronym for Multi AperTure mid-Infrared SpectroScopic Experiment. MATISSE not only couples the light from the VLT, but also analyzes it. MATISSE was created specifically for infrared light with wavelengths between 3 micrometers and 13 micrometers. Infrared light is also created when something gives off heat. Therefore, MATISSE is cooled to minus 241 degrees Celsius so the instrument itself does not interfere with the measurements.The MATISSE instrument when it was built at NOVA and had not yet been installed in Chile at the VLT. Credit: NOVANanometer precisionNetherlands Research School for Astronomy (NOVA) built all the lenses and mirrors in the cooled part of MATISSE together with the Dutch space industry. The Netherlands had gained experience while developing its forerunner MIDI, which could link two telescopes instead of four.The heart where the beams of the four VLT telescopes converge, consists of two aluminum boxes that are almost a meter in size. These boxes are filled to the brim with hundreds of optical components, dozens of sensors and dozens of tiny motors. Most of the components work with nanometer precision or even higher.The left panel of this image shows a dazzling view of the active galaxy Messier 77 captured with the FOcal Reducer and low dispersion Spectrograph 2 (FORS2) instrument on ESO’s Very Large Telescope. The right panel shows a blow-up view of the very inner region of this galaxy, its active galactic nucleus, as seen with the MATISSE instrument on ESO’s Very Large Telescope Interferometer. Credit: ESO/Jaffe, Gámez-Rosas et al.For more on this discovery, see Supermassive Black Hole Caught Hiding in an Immense Ring of Cosmic Dust.Reference: “Thermal imaging of dust hiding the black hole in the Active Galaxy NGC 1068”by Violeta Gámez Rosas, Jacob W. Isbell, Walter Jaffe, Romain G. Petrov, James H. Leftley, Karl-Heinz Hofmann, Florentin Millour, Leonard Burtscher, Klaus Meisenheimer, Anthony Meilland, Laurens B. F. M. Waters, Bruno Lopez, Stéphane Lagarde, Gerd Weigelt, Philippe Berio, Fatme Allouche, Sylvie Robbe-Dubois, Pierre Cruzalčbes, Felix Bettonvil, Thomas Henning, Jean-Charles Augereau, Pierre Antonelli, Udo Beckmann, Roy van Boekel, Philippe Bendjoya, William C. Danchi, Carsten Dominik, Julien Drevon, Jack F. Gallimore, Uwe Graser, Matthias Heininger, Vincent Hocdé, Michiel Hogerheijde, Josef Hron, Caterina M. V. Impellizzeri, Lucia Klarmann, Elena Kokoulina, Lucas Labadie, Michael Lehmitz, Alexis Matter, Claudia Paladini, Eric Pantin, Jörg-Uwe Pott, Dieter Schertl, Anthony Soulain, Philippe Stee, Konrad Tristram, Jozsef Varga, Julien Woillez, Sebastian Wolf, Gideon Yoffe and Gerard Zins, 16 February 2022, Nature. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000294_A000027	www.geo.tv	https://www.geo.tv/psl/latest/400749-psl-2022-shaheen-pulls-off-boom-boom-afridi-batting-style-against-zalmi	PAK	(Top-bottom) Shahid Afridi and Shaheen Shah Afridi celebrating. — Twitter/FileLahore Qalandars skipper Shaheen Afridi on Monday played the inning of his life as he scored an unbeaten 39 off 20 deliveries to push the to a super over.Qalandars looked out of the contest but Shaheen came in and played one of the most impressive cameos to lighten the stage, staging a similar show to his to be father-in-law Shahid Afridi.Needing 24 off the last over, Shaheen was brought onto strike with a single. Shaheen followed the next deliveries with a boundary and two sixes.Mohammad Umar, the bowler, pulled two deliveries back as it meant that seven were required off the last bowl, which the Qalandars dispatched out the park.Heres a ball-by-ball recap of the over:19.1 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: wide, 1 run.19.1 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: FOUR19.2 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: SIX19.3 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: SIX19.4 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: No runs19.5 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: No runs19.6 — Mohammad Umar to Shaheen Afridi: SIXHere how fans reacted to the similarities between the two Afridis:Shahid Afridi is known for his power-hitting and Shaheen pulled a similar show to his to be father-in-law. Netizens were quick to notice this similarity between both Afridis.Fans speculated if Shaheen is getting coaching lessons for power-hitting from Shahid Afridi. Fans also noticed the similar style of celebration between the two Afridis. A Twitter user @pakhtoon98 wrote that who said fans will not see boom boom Afridi on ground after his retirement, Shaheen is doing the rightful. Afridi is an Afridi after all be it Shahaid Afridi or Shaheen Shah Afridi. @mmustafa_abid wrote: Same name, same number, new era. 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000303_A000021	tech.hindustantimes.com	https://tech.hindustantimes.com/tech/news/alert-google-chrome-internet-blackout-likely-coming-71645518317134.html	BWA	Warnings are being sent out on a looming Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox internet BLACKOUT possibility. Google is likely to unleash a major upgrade in coming weeks that will block most websites across the world. Google Chrome 100 update is the latest one from the internet giant that is causing a concern. It is speculated to launch next month. As per reports, once the Google Chrome update is rolled out, it could wreak havoc on the internet because of Chromes new name and the way websites interact with this popular software. As per the reports, most online sites are configured to appear on a browser with a two-digit name- Google’s current Chrome variant is called 98. So, in effect, what people may be looking at, in a worst case scenario, is a Google Chrome Internet blackout. If that happens, users will be left totally in the darkness regarding their connectivity. After the Google Chrome update is rolled out, all the online sites will have to switch to three digits and that too in the coming weeks. This glitch will be similar to the millennium bug, which caused a havoc back in 1999, before a solution was found. That had made even the top experts at the best tech companies worry that the year 2000 would send PCs across the world into an irreversible meltdown. All because 1999 changed to 2000 - an all-new bumber. That caused some sites to show errors and become completely unviewable to the public. Also read: Looking for a smartphone? To check mobile finder Though, it’s not clear how badly the coming Google Chrome upgrade will affect websites next month, Mozilla, in one of its blog posts has written, “Major version 100 is a big milestone for both Chrome and Firefox. It also has the potential to cause breakage on websites as we move from a two-digit to a three-digit version number.” According to Mozilla, internet browsers like Firefox and Chrome have already started doing experiments to help detect possible website breakages. These tests will continue to run until the release of the updated three digit version. Users are advised to be prepared for some turbulence during your usual web-browsing sessions in March. 
20220221_173939_isr_C000324_A000003	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/kremlin-says-no-concrete-plans-summit-with-biden-over-ukraine-2022-02-21/	ISR	Ukraine and West on alert for Russia creating pretext to invadeUN Security Council holds emergency meetingWitness sees unmarked tanks entering DonetskGlobal markets rattled, oil hits 7-year highMOSCOW, Feb 21 (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the deployment of troops to two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine after recognising them as independent on Monday, accelerating a crisis the West fears could unleash a major war.A Reuters witness saw tanks and other military hardware moving through the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk after Putin formally recognised the breakaway regions and ordered the deployment of Russian forces to keep the peace.About five tanks were seen in a column on the edge of Donetsk and two more in another part of town, a Reuters reporter said. No insignia were visible on the vehicles.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comPutins announcement drew international condemnation and immediate U.S. sanctions to halt U.S. business activity in the breakaway regions and ban import of all goods from those areas.The measures were separate from sanctions the United States and its allies had prepared if Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, White House spokesperson Jen Psaki said.A senior U.S. official said the deployment to breakaway enclaves did not yet constitute a further invasion that would trigger the harshest sanctions as Russia already had forces there, but that a wider campaign could come at any time.Britain, France and Germany also agreed to respond to Russias recognition of the breakaway regions with sanctions, and the White House said it would announce further measures on Tuesday.Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy, who received a solidarity call from U.S. President Joe Biden, accused Russia of wrecking peace talks and ruled out territorial concessions.Linda Thomas-Greenfield, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, told an emergency meeting of the Security Council that Moscows recognition of the eastern regions was part of its attempt to create a pretext for a further invasion of Ukraine.Tomorrow, the United States will impose sanctions on Russia for this clear violation of international law and Ukraine sovereignty and territorial integrity, she told reporters after the Security Council meeting on Monday evening.We can, will, and must stand united in our calls for Russia to withdraw its forces, return to the diplomatic table and work toward peace.The Russian U.N. ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, warned Western powers to think twice and not worsen the situation.China called for all parties to exercise restraint while Japan said it was ready to join international sanctions on Moscow in the event of a full-scale invasion.Russian President Vladimir Putin attends a ceremony to sign documents, including a decree recognising two Russian-backed breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine as independent entities, with leaders of the self-proclaimed republics Leonid Pasechnik and Denis Pushilin seen in the background, in Moscow, Russia, in this picture released February 21, 2022. Sputnik/Alexey Nikolsky/Kremlin via REUTERSU.S. diplomatic staff, who had been moved from Kyiv to the western city of Lviv, were ordered to spend the night in Poland as the crisis deepened.Oil jumped to a seven-year high, safe-havens currencies like the yen rallied and global stocks tumbled as Europes eastern flank stood on the brink of war. The rouble extended its losses as Putin spoke, at one point sliding beyond 80 per dollar. ANCIENT LANDSIn a lengthy televised address packed with grievances against the West, a visibly angry Putin said eastern Ukraine was ancient Russian land. .Russian state television showed Putin, joined by Russia-backed separatist leaders, signing a decree recognising the independence of the two Ukrainian breakaway regions - the self-proclaimed Donetsk Peoples Republic and the Lugansk Peoples Republic.Putin had announced his decision in phone calls to the leaders of Germany and France earlier, the Kremlin said.In his address, Putin delved into history as far back as the Ottoman empire and as recent as the tensions over NATOs eastward expansion. His demands that Ukraine drop its long-term goal of joining the Atlantic military alliance have been repeatedly rebuffed by Kyiv and NATO states. I deem it necessary to make a decision that should have been made a long time ago - to immediately recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk Peoples Republic and the Lugansk Peoples Republic, Putin said.A French presidential official said the speech mixed various considerations of a rigid and paranoid nature.DIPLOMATIC WINDOW NARROWSThe United States says Russia has massed a force numbering 169,000-190,000 troops in the region, including the separatists in the breakaway regions, and has warned of invasion at any moment.Putin has for years worked to restore Russias influence over nations that emerged after the collapse of the Soviet Union, with Ukraine holding an important place in his ambitions. Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014.Russia denies any plan to attack its neighbour, but it has threatened unspecified military-technical action unless it receives sweeping security guarantees, including a promise that Ukraine will never join NATO.Recognition of the separatist-held areas will narrow the diplomatic options to avoid war, since it is an explicit rejection of a seven-year-old ceasefire mediated by France and Germany.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Reuters bureaux; Writing by Matt Spetalnick and Stephen Coates; Editing by Robert BirselOur Standards: 
20220221_173939_isr_C000324_A000032	www.sciencealert.com	https://www.sciencealert.com/a-forgotten-continent-may-have-helped-asian-mammals-colonize-europe-34-million-years-ago	ISR	A low-lying continent that existed some 40 million years ago and was home to exotic fauna may have paved the way for Asian mammals to colonize southern Europe, new research suggests. Wedged between Europe, Africa and Asia, this forgotten continent – which researchers have dubbed Balkanatolia – became a gateway between Asia and Europe when sea levels dropped and a land bridge formed, around 34 million years ago.When and how the first wave of Asian mammals made it to south-eastern Europe remains poorly understood, palaeogeologist Alexis Licht and colleagues in their new study.But the result was nothing short of dramatic. Around 34 million years ago, at the end of the epoch, huge numbers of native mammals disappeared from Western Europe as new Asian mammals emerged, in a sudden extinction event now known as the .Recent fossil findings in the Balkans, however, have upended that timeline, pointing towards a peculiar bioregion that appears to have enabled Asian mammals to colonize southeastern Europe as much as 5 to 10 million years before the Grande Coupure occurred.To investigate, Licht, of the French National Centre for Scientific Research, and colleagues re-examined the evidence from all known fossil sites in the area, which covers the present-day and , the westernmost protrusion of Asia. The age of these sites was revised based on current geological data, and the team reconstructed paleogeographic changes that transpired in the region, which has a complex history of episodic drowning and re-emergence.What they found suggests Balkanatolia served as a stepping stone for animals to move from Asia into western Europe, with the transformation of the ancient landmass from standalone continent to land bridge – and subsequent invasion with Asian mammals – coinciding with some dramatic paleogeographic changes.Balkanatolia, 40 million years ago, and at the present day. (Alexis Licht, Grégoire Métais/CNRS)Around 50 million years ago, Balkanatolia was an isolated archipelago, separate from the neighboring continents, where a unique collection of animals distinct from those of Europe and eastern Asia thrived, the analysis found.Then a combination of falling sea levels, growing Antarctic ice sheets and tectonic shifts connected the Balkanatolia continent to Western Europe, between 40 to 34 million years ago.This allowed Asian mammals including rodents and four-legged hoofed mammals (aka ungulates) to adventure westward and invade Balkanatolia, the fossil record shows.Adding to that record, Licht and colleagues also discovered fragments of a jawbone belonging to a rhinoceros-like animal at a new fossil site in Turkey, which they dated to around 38 to 35 million years ago.Upper molar of an Asian Brontothere mammal. (Alexis Licht, Grégoire Métais/CNRS)The fossil is, arguably, the oldest Asian-like ungulate discovered in Anatolia to date and predates the Grande Coupure by at least 1.5 million years, suggesting that Asian mammals were well on their way to Europe via Balkanatolia.This southern pathway to Europe across Balkanatolia was perhaps more favorable for adventurous animals than traversing higher-latitude routes through Central Asia which at the time were drier, cooler, desert steppes, Licht and colleagues also suggest. However, they in their paper that the past connectivity between individual Balkanatolian islands and the existence of this southern dispersal route remain debated, and that the story pieced together thus far is only built on mammalian fossils and a more complete picture of past Balkanatolian biodiversity remains to be drawn.Many of the geological changes that gave rise to Balkanatolia have yet to be fully understood, and its important to note that this review is just one teams interpretation of the fossil record.That said, the fossil record of mammals and other vertebrates living on islands is usually sparse and patchy, whereas the rich terrestrial fossil record of Balkanatolia provides a unique opportunity to document the evolution and demise of island biotas in deep time, the team .The study was published in 
20220221_173939_tza_C000325_A000026	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/bollywood/rosie-odonnell-apologises-after-misidentifying-priyanka-chopra-nick-jonas-7784909/	TZA	Actor-comedian Rosie O’Donnell owned up to a blunder when she revealed that she misidentified when she ran into her and in Malibu recently. She dug herself into a deeper hole, however, when she repeatedly referred to Priyanka as ‘someone Chopra’ and ‘the Chopra wife’. “I just embarrassed myself, my son, and his girlfriend,” O’Donnell said in a video originally shared on TikTok, and later reposted on Instagram. “Seated next to us in Malibu, at Nobu, was Nick Jonas and his wife, someone Chopra, which I always assumed was Deepak Chopra’s daughter. So when I said, ‘Hi Nick Jonas, you were great in Kingdom,’ and, ‘Hi (Priyanka) I know your dad’. She goes, ‘You do? Who’s my dad?’ And I go, ‘Deepak’. And she goes, ‘No… and Chopra’s a common name’. I felt so embarrassed. Didn’t you think Nick Jonas was married to Deepak Chopra’s daughter? Am I the only one who thought that?” she said, adding, “To Nick Jonas, I apologise. And to the Chopra wife, I apologise too.” In the comments section of her post, several people said that they’d made the same assumption about Priyanka, too. But some people pointed out that O’Donnell shouldn’t be referring to Priyanka as ‘the Chopra wife’. In a follow-up video, also reposted on Instagram, she clarified that Priyanka wasn’t rude to her, “So I’m reading the comments, and people thought she was rude, she wasn’t rude, it was just awkward. I’m sure she gets sick of that. Priyanka is her name. She’s apparently a very well known actress and more famous than [Jonas]. So I’m sure it felt weird to her to begin with. Anyway, Priyanka is her name. And I just want to apologise to her and to everyone who thought it was inappropriate of me.” O’Donnell also posted a screengrab of Priyanka’s Instagram profile, highlighting the fact that she has over 75 million followers. Her father, Dr Ashok Chopra, died of in 2013. Priyanka and Nick tied the knot in 2018, and to their first child, born via surrogate. 
20220221_173939_isr_C000335_A000003	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/stocks/russia-facing-new-sanctions-after-putin-recognises-breakaway-regions-2022-02-22/	ISR	Local residents remove debris of a residential building destroyed by shelling, as Russias invasion of Ukraine continues, in Zhytomyr, Ukraine March 2, 2022. REUTERS/Viacheslav RatynskyiRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comKYIV/KHARKIV, Ukraine, March 3 (Reuters) - Russian troops are in the Ukrainian city of Kherson and forced their way into the council building, the mayor said after a day of conflicting claims over whether Moscow had make the first major gain of a city in its invasion that began eight days ago.Moscows attack on its neighbour has yet to overthrow the government in Kyiv but thousands are thought to have died or been injured and it could cause another deep hit to the global economy still emerging from the coronavirus pandemic.The biggest attack on a European state since 1945 has caused over 870,000 people to flee, led to a barrage of sanctions against Russia, and stoked fears of wider conflict in the West unthought-of for decades.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comThe Black Sea port of Kherson, a southern provincial capital of around 250,000 people, is strategically placed where the Dnipro River flows into the Black Sea and would be the first significant city to fall into Moscows hands.Russias defence ministry said on Wednesday morning it had captured Kherson but several hours later an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelenskiy responded that the Ukrainian side was continuing to defend the location.Late on Wednesday, Mayor Igor Kolykhayev said Russian troops were in the streets.There were armed visitors in the city executive committee today, he said in a statement. My team and I are peaceful people - we had no weapons and there was no aggression from our side.I didnt make any promises to them... I just asked them not to shoot people, he wrote.Russia calls its actions in Ukraine a special operation that is not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its neighbours military capabilities and capture what it regards as dangerous nationalists. It denies targeting civilians.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Pavel Polityuk, Natalia Zinets and Aleksandar Vasovic in Ukraine, David Ljunggren in Ottawa and other Reuters bureaux; writing by Costas Pitas; Editing by Rosalba OBrienOur Standards: 
20220221_173939_uga_C000338_A000021	mashable.com	https://mashable.com/article/ios-iphone-dark-night-mode-how-to	UGA	Pop culture depictions of the afterlife are frequently divided into two options: dark and light. So too are mobile themes, allowing us to choose between blinding glare and insidious darkness. Fortunately, selecting the dark theme for your Apple devices is more straightforward than dealing with issues concerning your immortal soul.Heres how to turn on iOS dark mode.Open Settings.Tap Display & Brightness.Select Dark for dark mode, or Light if you prefer a white screen. You can also toggle on Automatic, which will change your iPhone or iPads display theme depending on the time of day. By default it will use light mode during the day and switch to dark mode at sunset, but you can also set a custom schedule. Consider reversing day and night on a friends phone if you hate them. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000355_A000006	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/china/china-warns-us-against-including-taiwan-its-indo-pacific-plan-2022-02-22/	USA	BEIJING, Feb 22 (Reuters) - China is concerned about the worsening situation in Ukraine, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Tuesday, repeating his call for all parties to show restraint and resolve differences through dialogue.Accelerating a crisis the West fears could spark a war, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered on Monday the deployment of troops to two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine after recognising them as independent. Russia denies any plan to attack Ukraine, but has threatened unspecified military-technical action unless it receives sweeping security guarantees, including a promise that its neighbour will never join NATO.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comThe legitimate security concerns of any country should be respected, Wang, who is also a Chinese state councillor, told U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in a telephone call, the Chinese foreign ministry said in a statement.The situation in Ukraine is worsening, Wang told Blinken. China once again calls on all parties to exercise restraint.On the call, Blinken underscored the need to preserve Ukraines sovereignty and territorial integrity amid Russiasaggression, said Ned Price, a U.S. State Department spokesperson.Earlier on Tuesday, Chinas embassy in Ukraine warned its nationals there not to venture into unstable areas, but stopped short of telling them to leave, as many other nations have advised their own citizens. L1N2UX0EHThe Chinese embassy in Ukraine has issued a reminder to Chinese citizens and enterprises to strengthen security precautions, said Wang Wenbin, a foreign ministry spokesman.The embassy will ensure that dietary needs of Chinese citizens in Ukraine are met in a timely way, Wang said at a regular media briefing in response to a query about when China would pull out its citizens.China is closely following the evolving situation in Ukraine, Wang told the briefing, which drew more reporters than usual.TAIWAN, NORTH KOREAThe United States should not include Taiwan, which China claims as its own territory, in Americas Indo-Pacific strategy, Wang told Blinken.This month, the United States said it would commit more diplomatic and security resources to the Indo-Pacific, and vowed to work with partners both in and outside the region to maintain peace and stability in the strait dividing Taiwan from China. The attempt to include Taiwan in the strategy to contain China is sending all the wrong signals, Wang told Blinken on the telephone call, the foreign ministry said in its statement.Still, China is willing to manage its differences with the United States and stabilise two-way ties, Wang added.On Monday, China said it had placed Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Technologies Corp under sanctions over arms sales to Taiwan, in at least the third time it has announced punishments for the U.S. firms. Taiwans foreign ministry said it would continue to urge the United States to keep selling the island weapons in the face of Chinas military threats and intimidation.The U.S. provision to us of defensive weapons helps defend Taiwans democracy and freedom, as well as ensures national security and peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific region, spokesperson Joanne Ou told reporters on Tuesday.Blinken and Wang also spoke on developments in North Korea.China calls for direct dialogue between the United States and North Korea, and will, as always, seek to play a constructive role in promoting resolution of the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula, Wang said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Ryan Woo and Martin Quin Pollard in Beijing; Additional reporting by and Ben Blanchard in Taipei; Editing by Lincoln Feast and Clarence FernandezOur Standards: 
20220221_173939_can_C000368_A000022	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/xiaomi_poco_x4_pro_5g_leaks_in_full_brings_a_familiar_specs_sheet-news-53252.php	CAN	Poco is having an event during MWC, and we expect to see new smartphones, including the and the . Yet Amazon France couldnt wait another week and released the full specs sheet and some images of the phone today. Looking closely into the characteristics of the phone, we can see it is the but with a different desing on the back and the signature Poco yellow color. Xiaomi Poco X4 Pro 5G The Poco X4 Pro 5G will have a Snapdragon 695 chipset and a 6.67” AMOLED with 120Hz refresh rate. The back hosts a 108MP main camera and an 8MP ultrawide snapper alongside a 2MP macro cam. The battery capacity of the Poco X4 Pro 5G is 5,000 mAh, while charging goes at up to 67W reaching a full charge in 41 minutes. We expect the Poco X4 Pro 5G to be different from the Redmi Note 11 Pro with its interface - we expect a Poco launcher on top of MIUI 13, based on Android 11. Amazon listed the Poco with 256GB storage, but other versions might be available as well. The event is scheduled for February 28 and it should give us an answer to that. (in French) | 
20220221_173939_ind_C000374_A000006	www.livemint.com	https://www.livemint.com/education/news/cancellation-of-offline-board-exams-for-classes-10-12-sc-to-hear-plea-tomorrow-11645509404764.html	IND	New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it would hear tomorrow a plea seeking cancellation of offline board examinations for classes 10 and 12 to be conducted by the and several other boards this year. A bench headed by Justice A M Khanwilkar said that advance copy of the petition be served to the standing counsel for the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and other respondents concerned. The plea was mentioned for urgent listing before the bench, also comprising Justices Dinesh Maheshwari and C T Ravikumar. The counsel, appearing for petitioner Anubha Shrivastava Sahai, mentioned the matter and requested the bench to list it urgently. The plea has sought directions to the CBSE and other education boards, which have proposed to hold board examinations for classes 10 and 12 in offline mode, for devising other modes of assessment. The CBSE has decided to conduct term two board exams for class 10 and class 12 from April 26. Subscribe to Mint Newsletters * Enter a valid email * Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000374_A000012	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/pakistans-imran-khan-wants-tv-debate-with-pm-modi-to-resolve-issues/articleshow/89749035.cms	IND	ISLAMABAD: Pakistani Prime Minister Imran said on Tuesday he would like to have a televised debate with his Indian counterpart, , to resolve differences between the two neighbours. The nuclear-powered rivals have shared antagonistic relations since gaining independence 75 years ago, fighting three wars. I would love to debate with PM Narendra Modi on TV, Khan told Today in an interview, adding that it would be beneficial for the billion people in the subcontinent if differences could be resolved through debate. Indias Ministry of External Affairs did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. India became a hostile country so trade with them became minimal, Khan said, stressing his governments policy was to have trade relations with all countries. Khans remarks follow similar comments recently by s top commercial official, , who, according to media, told journalists he supported trade ties with India, which would benefit both sides. Khan said Pakistans regional trading options were already limited, with Iran, its southwestern neighbour, under US sanctions and Afghanistan, to the west, involved in decades of war. Pakistan shares strong economic ties with its northern neighbour, China, which has committed billions of dollars for infrastructure and other projects under its Belt and Road Initiative. Khans interview came on the eve of a visit to Moscow, where he will meet President - the first visit by a Pakistani leader to Russia in two decades. The two-day visit for talks on economic cooperation was planned before the current crisis over Ukraine. This doesnt concern us, we have a bilateral relation with Russia and we really want to strength it, Khan said of the Ukraine crisis. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000374_A000013	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/ukraine-crisis-special-air-india-flight-leaves-for-ukraine-to-bring-back-indians-reports-news-agency-ani-as-russia-tensions-escalate-2781688	IND	Ukraine Crisis: Three Air India flights are scheduled on February 22, 24 and 26.New Delhi: Air Indias special flight left for Ukraine this morning to bring back Indian nationals stranded in the former soviet state which has found itself in the middle of soaring tensions between Russia and the West. The Dreamliner B-787 aircraft, with a capacity of over 200 seats, has been deployed for the special operation, news agency ANI reported. It will land in Delhi tonight. More than 20,000 Indian students and nationals live in different parts of Ukraine.A day after the Indian government removed restrictions on the number of flights to and from Ukraine under the air bubble arrangement, Air India that it will operate three Vande Bharat Mission (VBM) flights between India and Ukraine this month. These were scheduled for February 22, 24 and 26. The flights will operate to and from Boryspil International Airport, Ukraines largest airport. Attempts to prevent the Russian invasion of Ukraine were dealt a severe blow as President Vladimir Putin signed mutual aid and friendship agreements with rebel leaders in the Kremlin today. I believe it is necessary to take a long-overdue decision, to immediately recognise the independence and sovereignty of the Donetsk Peoples Republic and the Lugansk Peoples Republic, he said. Russia also ordered its army to launch a peacekeeping mission into the areas. Ukraine has called the mission occupation troops and demanded their immediate withdrawal.US President Joe Biden, who had repeatedly warned Russia against recognising rebel territories, swiftly announced financial sanctions against the territories recognised by Russia in eastern Ukraine, even though the two regions already had very limited dealings with the US and its citizens. The US has announced that it will also impose sanctions on Moscow on Tuesday. India said that the escalations of tensions were a matter of great concern and that the immediate priority should be the de-escalation of the Russia-Ukraine crisis. India has repeatedly stressed that the safety and well being of its national is a priority. At the United Nations Security Council Briefing on the implementation of the Minsk Agreements on Ukraine last week, India had stressed quiet and constructive diplomacy and advised against any steps that might increase tensions. The Russian embassy in India had welcomed Indias balanced, principled and independent approach.Russias bold move has snowballed into what could be the most critical East-West confrontation since the cold war.The United Nations Security Council is holding an emergency meeting today at the request of Ukraine, the US, 5 European nations and Mexico. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000374_A000035	www.republicworld.com	https://www.republicworld.com/world-news/us-news/us-omicron-variant-ba-dot-2-cases-on-rampant-rise-spreads-30-percent-more-easily-articleshow.html	IND	Infectious disease experts are keeping a close watch on the BA.2 strain of the Omicron variant that has been slowly spreading throughout the United States. According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Preventions data tracker, BA.2 strain accounts for approximately 3.9% of all new cases in the country. BA.2 appears to spread more rapidly, around 30% more easily as the cases of BA.2 even led to a second Omicron surge in Denmark, NPR reported. Samuel Scarpino, the manager director of pathogen surveillance at the Rockefeller Foundation told NPR the US might head into the exponential growth phase and might even stare at another COVID wave if BA.2 doubles again to 8%. Some experts even believe that the BA.2 will not lead to a surge in cases as people have immunity due to vaccination & prior infections. Dr Jeremy Luban, a virologist at the University of Massachusetts Medical School warned that there might be plenty of people who will get sick and land on respirators and die due to BA.2, especially the people who have not been vaccinated against COVID-19. Luban insisted that BA.2 strain might most likely extend the Omicron wave, however, added that they cannot rule out the possibility of another surge. Nathan Grubaugh, an associate professor of epidemiology at the Yale School of Public Health told NPR that some of them believe that cases of BA.2 variant might get rapidly reported in the US, as they did in Europe and become the new dominant variant, as per the NPR report. Grubaugh highlighted that the BA.2 strain of Omicron might extend their tail rather than lead to a new wave of cases. According to Grubaugh, the BA.2 strain of Omicron strain extending tail means that it might slow down the reduction in cases. COVID-19 tally in the US According to the Worldometer statistics, as of 22 February, the total number of COVID-19 cases reported in the US have reached 80,145,282. The total number of fatalities reported due to coronavirus is 960,157 and 51,929,244 people have recovered from the virus. According to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention(CDC), 214.7 million people have been fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and 92.8 million people have received a booster dose of vaccine in the United States. Image: Unsplash 
20220221_173939_eth_C000375_A000018	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/66f11e1f-9ec9-406d-868f-d0f757a915d6	ETH	Hear it from the experts Let our global subject matter experts broaden your perspective with timely insights and opinions you can’t find anywhere else. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000375_A000029	www.football.london	https://www.football.london/arsenal-fc/transfer-news/arsenal-news-transfers-david-martinez-23175625	ETH	Hello and welcome to football.londons live Arsenal blog on Tuesday. The Gunners are back in action in a couple of days time when they take on Wolves at the Emirates Stadium this Thursday in what could be a crucial game in qualifying for next seasons UEFA Champions League. Mikel Artetas side could go within one point of Manchester United in fourth place should they manage to beat Wolves on Thursday evening as the race for a Champions League spot hots up. If the Gunners can once again reach European footballs most prestigious competition, then it should hand the club a huge boost when it comes to this summers transfer window as they search for a world-class striker to bring in. We are expecting to hear plenty more on Arsenals search for a new centre-forward throughout today, as well as their hunt for a central midfielder. So, with all of this being said, scroll down to see football.londons live blog relating to all the latest goings on at Arsenal.22:01Daniel OrmeGoodnight!Unfortunately, thats all we have time for from football.london tonight.Make sure you join us bright and early tomorrow for even more. 21:29Daniel OrmeParlour makes Ramsdale claimArsenal legend Ray Parlour has claimed that he would have liked Aaron Ramsdale to have been named Gunners captain had he been playing alongside him. Speaking with talkSPORT, he said: “I would have had Ramsdale if he was a centre-half because he has got that desire, hasn’t he?!“I think the back four are a lot more resilient now. They are harder to break down.Aaron Ramsdale of Arsenal clears the ball during the Premier League match between Arsenal and Burnley at Emirates Stadium. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images)20:59Daniel OrmeJoao Felix opportunityWhilst it would appear unlikely that Arsenal would be able to secure the services of Joao Felix, they might have the perfect opportunity to sign the Portuguese starlet.As per El Chiringuito, Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone wants to sign Goncalo Guedes as a replacement and with his contract up next summer, Valencia may be forced to sell. That might then be open to the opportunity of allowing Felix to leave. Joao Felix has been told he can leave Atletico Madrid and Arsenal are one of the clubs interested in signing him. (Photo by Angel Martinez/Getty Images)20:31Daniel OrmeVlahovic makes Champions League statementArsenal will reflect on one that got away tonight after Dusan Vlahovic netted on his Champions League debut for Juventus. The Serbian opened his account after just 31 seconds of the Old Ladys round of 16 clash with Villarreal in Spain. 19:57Daniel OrmeFriedel drops Arsenal transfer verdictFormer Tottenham star Brad Friedel has been giving his thoughts on the Gunners acquisitions of MLS pair Matt Turner and Auston Trusty. He said: “He [Turner] will be able to put pressure on Ramsdale, I’ve no doubt about it. What I would say, is this will be the first time in Matt’s career that he sees what competition for places truly is. He’s such a good kid and a solid human being.”Read the full story. Matt Turner is set to become an Arsenal player in the summer. (Photo by Robin Alam/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)19:33Daniel OrmeArsenal set to make Arteta offerArsenal are reportedly set to offer current boss Mikel Arteta a new contract at the end of the season with a considerable pay-rise. According to The Sun, his stay at the Emirates Stadium is set to be extended by three years, with the new deal set to match that of Arsene Wenger during his final season in charge. Read more . Mikel Arteta saw his Arsenal side pick up an important three points against Brentford on Saturday afternoon (Image: Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)19:04Daniel OrmeLineker gives Ramsdale verdictMatch of the Day host Gary Lineker has shared his thoughts after Arsenal stopper Aaron Ramsdale starred in advertisement for the Chip Inn Bar. 18:32Daniel OrmeChampions League team revealedWith just a few months of the current season left to go, Arsenal will be compiling their transfer targets for the event they claim a place in the Champions League. A number of names such as Jonathan David, Renato Sanches and Fabian Ruiz have been linked and we have taken a look to see how the Gunners could line up should they complete moves to the Emirates Stadium. Take a look at the full team . Renato Sanches and Jonathan David have both been linked with a move to Arsenal. (Photo by Sylvain Lefevre/Getty Images)17:59Daniel OrmeDavid hails HenrySpeaking of Arsenal legends, Jonathan David has revealed that he used to regularly watch Thierry Henry in action during his Gunners spell. Speaking with OneFootball, he said: “Watching a little bit of , Samuel Eto’o. Just those quick finishes, if it’s with the toe, the outside of the foo – any type of finish you can get.“Also , the way he drops off, dribbles with the ball and takes on players. Watching the little details of his game is something you can take and put into your game.Read the full story .Jonathan David has already given his Chelsea verdict ahead of Lilles Champions League clash. (Photo by Hugo Pfeiffer/Icon Sport via Getty Images)17:28Daniel OrmeSmith Rowe hails BergkampArsenal playmaker Emile Smith Rowe has expressed his admiration for Gunners icon Dennis Bergkamp. Speaking to BT Sports My Football Idol, he said: “My favourite player for Arsenal growing up was Dennis Bergkamp,.Emile Smith Rowe has now scored 10 goals for Arsenal this season (Image: Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)17:00Daniel OrmeArsenal eye Joao FelixArsenal are reportedly interested in signing Atletico Madrid wonderkid Joao Felix. According to El Chiringuito journalist Eduardo Inda, the Gunners are eyeing a move, although it is expected to cost a considerable amount to tempt the La Liga giants into selling. He said: “Joao Félix is a very good player. Arsenal want him.Atletico Madrids Joao Felix may have already been at the Etihad if his agent had his way (Image: Jose Breton/Pics Action/NurPhoto via Getty Images)16:34Daniel OrmeTierney to BarcelonaHaving been linked with a move to Real Madrid earlier this year, Kieran Tierney whas now been linked with a move elsewhere in Spain. According to Cule Mania, Barcelona are now interested in the Scottish international. Whether the Gunners are open to selling remains to be seen with his contract set to run until 2026. Find out the full story. Barcelona reportedly join race to sign Arsenal left-back Kieran Tierney. (Photo by David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) (Image: David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)15:56Daniel OrmeArsenal eye Renato SanchesWith Arsenal aiming to seal a Champions League place come the end of the season, they could well be contenders for the signing of Renato Sanches. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the Gunners are interested in a move for the Lille midfielder and could potentially make a swoop for his services should Les Dogues fail to qualofy for the Champions League this term. Find out more . Arsenal have been linked with a move for Renato Sanches (Image: Getty Images)14:48Aaron Catterson-ReidBarcelona chase TierneyAccording to Spanish outlet , Barcelona are keen to sign a replacement for Jordi Alba, with Arsenal left-back Kieran Tierney on the shortlist to replace the Spanish international.However, Tierney signed a new deal with the Gunners last summer, meaning he would likely cost an extorinate fee.Arsenals Kieran Tierney plays as a left-sided central defender in a back three for Scotland. (Image: Alex Nicodim/NurPhoto via Getty Images)14:13Aaron Catterson-ReidOdegaards captain potentialWhen asked if Martin Odegaard could be a future Arsenal captain, Mikel Arteta said: He certainly has all the qualities to do that, absolutely.“Talking to his national team coach and how highly they speak of him. He walks through the corridor and everybody loves him.“He is such a nice, humble guy and he leads with the way he is. It is very natural for him and that will come.”Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka rank in top ten most reliable Premier League creators. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) (Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)13:29Aaron Catterson-ReidXhaka latests very own Arsenal correspondent Chris Wheatley has spoken about the future of Granit Xhaka.“As for a summer move, it’s certainly possible, Wheatley said. Roma are expected to come back in for Xhaka with Jose Mourinho a long time admirer of the Swiss international. Arsenal would let him go for the right price.”Granit Xhaka of Arsenal during the Premier League match between Arsenal and Brentford at Emirates Stadium. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)13:04Aaron Catterson-ReidAubameyang revelationPierre-Emerick Aubameyang has revealed that his dad helped terminate his contract at Arsenal last month.Speaking to , he said: My father did it all with my lawyer and they can say it best. But the week before we already knew that he could end up signing for Barca. The week before there were already contacts and I knew it.Arsenal stars react on Instagram as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scores first Barcelona hat-trick. (Image: Quality Sport Images/Getty Images)12:28Aaron Catterson-ReidRaphinha twistAccording to , Arsenal are now interested in signing Leeds United star Raphinha, who has also attracted attention from the likes of Chelsea and Bayern Munich.Leeds United winger Raphinha has been linked with a move to Chelsea. (Photo by PAUL ELLIS/AFP via Getty Images) (Image: PAUL ELLIS/AFP via Getty Images)11:51Aaron Catterson-ReidLjungberg proven wrongArsenal icon Freddie Ljungberg has been proven wrong on one player for the Gunners in particular.Read more .Freddie Ljungbergs prediction on Arsenal starlet Emile Smith Rowe has been proven wrong this season. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) (Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)11:18Aaron Catterson-ReidFerdinand top-four predictionAll the teams going for fourth, bar West Ham, got positive results so it’s like right, that position is, you’ve got to perform now,he said on .He added: I think West Ham will put up a fight but probably will go a bit short just because of the depth in their squad. They’ll finish above Arsenal.Rio Ferdinand says other big clubs will be watching Emile Smith Rowes progress. (Photo by Visionhaus/Getty Images) (Image: Visionhaus/Getty Images)10:46Aaron Catterson-ReidOlise linksAccording to , Arsenal are interested in signing Crystal Palace youngster Michael Olise.Olise joined the Eagles from Reading last summer and has impressed when handed minutes by Patrick Vieira this term.Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise (Image: Dan Weir/PPAUK.)10:06Aaron Catterson-ReidDanilo interest, Arsenal are pressing ahead in their attempts to sign Brazilian youngster Danilo.The report claims that the Gunners have held talks with the player ahead of a potential summer move.Edu is reportedly trying to secure Arsenals next Brazilian star this month following an offer for Palmeiras Danilo. (Image: DOUGLAS MAGNO/POOL/AFP via Getty Images)09:31Aaron Catterson-ReidAtkinson to referee Wolves clash08:57Aaron Catterson-ReidTierney praise Scotland boss Steve Clarke has heaped praise on Arsenal defender Kieran Tierney for his attacking prowess.Speaking about the decision to play Tierney as a centre-back, Clarke said: But I think he always felt that he was a better left-back than Andy Robertson. Every player thinks they’re better than the immediate competition and if you compare them, there isn’t a cigarette paper between them.“I had to persuade Kieran that he was better than Andy and that’s why I trusted him to play left centre-back and not Andy. Now, that’s probably not strictly true but that’s how I had to sell it to Kieran.Now we’ve got the best overlapping centre-back in world football. It works.Kieran Tierney has worn the Arsenal captains armband in the past. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)08:13Aaron Catterson-ReidMaitland-Niles decisionAccording to Italian outlet , Jose Mourinho hasnt been overly impressed with Arsenal loanee Ainsley Maitland-Niles and may decide against signing him permanently this summer.Arsenals Ainsley Maitland-Niles got a front-row seat for Jose Mourinhos meltdown in Roma draw. (Image: Matteo Ciambelli/DeFodi Images via Getty Images)07:44Aaron Catterson-ReidFerdinand on Smith RoweManchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has hailed Arsenal youngster Emile Smith Rowe.“ESR is doing his thing man, Ferdinand said. I’ve loved him from the start of the season, he’s been in my dream team and everything. He’s one that I think other big clubs will be looking at, Saka as well especially.Emile Smith Rowe has now scored 10 goals for Arsenal this season (Image: Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)Bobby VincentMorata breaks silenceAlvaro Morata has insisted he is happy to still be playing at Juventus, despite reported interest from Arsenal over the January transfer window.The Spaniard has been linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium whilst he also saw a switch to Barcelona collapse in January.He said: Im happy to be at Juventus - if it was up to me, I’d always stay here.Alvaro Morata has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent times (Image: Photo by Daniele Badolato - Juventus FC/Juventus FC via Getty Images)Bobby VincentMartinez transfer boostOver the summer transfer window, both Arsenal and Tottenham were strongly linked with a move for Inter Milan and Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez.According to , the Argentines performances for Inter this season and he stands out as the main suspect for a summer sale from the San Siro - something that could hand the Gunners a huge boost should they rekindle their interest in the 24-year-old over the summer.Lautaro Martinez was linked with both Arsenal and Tottenham in last summers transfer window (Image: Photo by Marco Luzzani/Getty Images)Bobby VincentDavid opens door to Arsenal moveJonathan David has opened the door to a possible move to Arsenal in the summer, with the Gunners interested in the Lille striker.He said, via : Im under contract at LOSC. The most important thing for me is to finish the season as well as possible.What happens after that, we will see. The Premier League attracts everyone. It is the most competitive league in the world. It is a really good league.Arsenal are interested in signing Jonathan David (Image: Photo by DENIS CHARLET / AFP) (Photo by DENIS CHARLET/AFP via Getty Images)Bobby VincentWelcome!Hello and welcome to Tuesdays Arsenal live blog from football.london. Keep the blog locked throughout today for the latest updates and news coming out of the Emirates Stadium! 
20220221_173939_tza_C000381_A000024	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/alia-bhatt-responds-to-kangana-ranaut-saying-gangubai-kathiawadi-will-be-burnt-to-ashes-with-bhagavad-gita-quote-101645522430274.html	TZA	Actor has responded to the recent criticism by actor targeting her and her upcoming film, . In a recent promotional event in Kolkata, Alia gave her reaction with a quote from the Bhagavad Gita. The film is scheduled to release on Friday this week.Alia Bhatt was recently in Kolkata to launch Meri Jaan, a new song from Gangubai Kathiawadi. The -directed film is based on a chapter from writer S Hussain Zaidis book Mafia Queens of Mumbai. The film also features Ajay Devgn, Vijay Raaz, Seema Pahwa and Shantanu Maheshwari. Replying to Kanganas remark, Alia said, as quoted by news agency PTI, Lord Krishna had said in the Gita that inaction is an action. Thats all I want to say.Kangana Ranaut, earlier, had said on her Instagram Stories, “This Friday 200cr will be burnt to ashes at the box office ... for a papa (movie mafia daddy) ki pari (who likes to keep a British passport) because papa wants to prove that romcom bimbo can act... biggest drawback of the film is wrong casting...yeh nahi sudhrenge (these people wont change) no wonder screens are going to South and Hollywood films ... Bollywood is destined for doom jab tak movie mafia has power.”The actor had also added in another Instagram Story, Bollywood mafia daddy papa Jo who has single-handedly ruined the work culture in the film industry has emotionally manipulated many big directors and forced his products of mediocrity on their cinematic brilliance, another example will be following soon after this release... people need to stop entertaining him, in this Friday release even a big hero and greatest director are the new victims of his manipulations.Recently, Kangana on Instagram slammed one of the viral videos of a little girl impersonating Alias character from Gangubai Kathiawadi. In her post, she wrote, Should this child imitate a sex worker with a beedi in her mouth and crude and obscene dialogues? Look at her body language, is it ok to sexualise her at this age? There are hundreds of other children who are being used similarly.Kangana has been attacking Alia publicly for a couple years now. She has repeatedly called her ‘mediocre’, member of the ‘nepo-gang’ and more. Alia has always refrained from responding to her barbs.Gangubai Kathiawadi tells the story of a woman sold into sex work and how she becomes a prominent figure in the underworld and Kamathipuras red-light district.Apart from Gangubai Kathiawadi, Alias future projects include Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani, Darlings, RRR and Brahmastra. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000381_A000033	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-scientists-soil-viruses.html	TZA	Credit: Unsplash/CC0 Public Domain Soil is the unsung hero of our lives. It provides nourishment to crops to provide us with food, offers drainage for rainwater into aquifers, and is a habitat for a variety of organisms. On the microscopic level, soil thrives with life, harboring microbes, such as fungi and bacteria that work cooperatively with plants. Despite being such an important part of our lives, not much is known about exactly what exists just below the Earths surface. In new research from Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), scientists used bioinformatics and deep sequencing to identify viruses and better understand their roles in the Earth. Most of these viruses infect bacteria, and are thus thought to play an important part in maintaining microbial populations. Viruses are abundant in nature, said Janet Jansson, chief scientist for biology and PNNL Laboratory Fellow. Because there are so many of them in every soil sample, identifying different viruses becomes a challenge. Jansson worked with Computational Scientist Ruonan Wu and Earth Scientist and Microbiome Science Team Leader Kirsten Hofmockel in the Biological Sciences Division at PNNL to meet this challenge. Along with collaborators from Washington State University; Oregon Heath & Science University; Iowa State University; and EMSL, the Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory, a Department of Energy Office of Science user facility at PNNL; the PNNL scientists collected soil samples from grasslands in Washington, Iowa, and Kansas and began a deep dive into the soil composition. They leveraged the massive DNA sequencing abilities of the Joint Genome Institute, computing power of the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center, and multi-omics expertise from EMSL to unearth previously unknown soil viruses. Their results were published in mBio and Communications Biology. Different viruses for different climates The scientists chose Washington, Iowa, and Kansas for their because each location gets a different amount of rainfall. Eastern Washington is much drier compared to Iowa, while Kansas sits in the crossroads between the two in terms of soil moisture. We chose to take samples from places with different amounts of soil moisture to see if this made a difference in the types and amounts of viruses there, said Wu. Wetter soil contains more bacteria, and many soil viruses infect bacteria. The scientists noticed that certain viruses are much more abundant in than wet soil. In drier climates, there tend to be fewer, but more diverse, microbes in the soil, said Wu. The relative scarcity of bacterial hosts means that its in the s best interest to keep the host alive. The researchers also discovered that in drier soil, viruses were more likely to contain special genes that they could potentially transfer to their bacterial hosts. These genes could potentially give their bacterial hosts superpowers said Jansson. These virus genes could be passed to their bacterial hosts to help them survive in dry soils. Though more research is necessary to better understand the role of these special viral genes, the possibility that they could be useful to bacteria living in the soil is exciting. These genes could be useful to by increasing their ability to recycle carbon and thus increase soil health. More information: Ruonan Wu et al, DNA Viral Diversity, Abundance, and Functional Potential Vary across Grassland Soils with a Range of Historical Moisture Regimes, mBio (2021). Ruonan Wu et al, Moisture modulates soil reservoirs of active DNA and RNA viruses, Communications Biology (2021). Citation: Scientists discover new soil viruses (2022, February 22) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-scientists-soil-viruses.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220221_173939_idn_C000389_A000018	variety.com	https://variety.com/2022/film/global/netflix-investment-french-movies-1235187142/	IDN	has signed a three-year agreement with French film guilds to invest a minimum of €40 million ($45 million) in the financing of French and European movies which will be released in French theaters. as part of a Tuesday’s milestone agreement will see Netflix investing 4% of its annual revenue made in France on the financing of French and European movies, with at least €30 million invested in French-language movies. Netflix will have an exclusive window on these movies for a duration of seven months. The pact also has a provision for lower budget films. It features a diversity clause under which Netflix will have to dedicate at least 17% of the €40 million in financing French-language movies with a budget of under €4 million. The streamer will need to invest in a minimum of 10 movies at the pre-financing stage, meaning no later than the commencement of principal photography. “This agreement is a new step towards our virtuous integration in the unique French cinema ecosystem,” said Netflix in a statement sent to Variety. “It reflects both our constructive contribution to the AVMS negotiation process.” To date, Netflix is the first and only streaming service to have signed this agreement with French film orgs, BLIC (Bureau de liaison des industries cine´matographiques), BLOC (Bureau de liaison des organisations du cinema) and ARP (Socie´te´ civile des auteurs réalisateurs producteurs). France is also the only country in Europe to have inked such deal with Netflix or any other platform. The streamer previously had to wait 36 months to access movies that are theatrically released in France and hopes the current 15-month window will be shortened within the next three years. Netflix said it will “continue to promote an earlier window to better reflect consumers’ actual viewing habits.” France’s strict windowing rules have prevented Netflix from world premiering its movies in competition at Cannes since the festival requires every competing film to have a theatrical bow in France. optional screen reader Read More About: 
20220221_173939_ken_C000391_A000012	www.standardmedia.co.ke	https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/business/business/article/2001438270/high-courts-vat-ruling-opens-pandoras-box-on-tax-collection	KEN	KRA Commissioner General Githii Mburu speaks during the launch of the Taxpayers month on October 4, 2021. [Wilberforce Okwiri,Standard] A High Court’s verdict that the 2017 Value Added Tax (VAT) regulations are invalid has put (KRA) in limbo - exposing it to huge claims and court cases from taxpayers seeking . Justice David Majanja found that the regulations ceased to have any effect on April 11, 2017, as the then National Treasury Cabinet Secretary (CS) Henry Rotich never tabled them before the National Assembly as required by law. The that KRA’s cannot deny taxpayers a refund based on the now invalidated regulations. Taxpayers who based their VAT refund on the regulation will is also exposed. It will also have an impact on monthly VAT compliance. According to Justice Majanja, the CS was required to submit the regulations to the National Assembly within seven days of publication in the Kenya gazette. The judge made the ruling while settling a dispute between a maritime firm W.E.C Lines Kenya Ltd and the Commissioner of domestic taxes over a Sh6 million VAT tax refund. Tax refund W.E.C through its lawyer Hamilton and Mathews had asked KRA to consider a refund for the period between February 2015 and January 2018 on the basis that it was offering zero-rated services to its parent company based in the Netherlands, W.E.C BV. KRA declined to give a refund based on the 2017 VAT regulations arguing that the agency agreement showed that the Kenyan firm is paid a commission for customer care and post landing services that were used and consumed in Kenya. The commissioner also concluded that the firm’s supplies do not qualify as exported services and as such were taxable at 16 per cent. The judge disagreed with the Commissioner by finding that the regulations he was relying on became invalid on the eighth day after the CS failed to table them in parliament. “I hold that the VAT Regulations, 2017 ceased to have any effect immediately on the eight-day after the said regulations were not tabled before the National Assembly,” ruled justice Majanja. “The Commissioner could not apply them to the respondent’s case as they were at the time null and void.” 
20220221_173939_ken_C000391_A000027	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/tennis/novak-djokovic-wins-his-first-match-of-2022-in-dubai-7784897/	KEN	Novak Djokovic won his first match of the year when he beat Lorenzo Musetti 6-3, 6-3 to open the Dubai Championships on Monday. Djokovic couldn’t defend his Australian Open title last month because he was deported from the country for being unvaccinated. The United Arab Emirates allowed him entry, and Djokovic cashed in at a tournament he’s won five times. Serbia’s Novak Djokovic celebrates after he beats Italy’s Lorenzo Musetti during a match of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championship in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Monday, Feb. 21, 2022. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi) Musetti took two sets off Djokovic at the French Open last year but, on a breezy Dubai evening, the Italian wild card couldn’t convert bags of break chances while trailing 3-1 in the first set and 4-2 in the second.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium “I have to be satisfied with my tennis, especially after not playing for two and a half, three months,” Djokovic said on court. “Of course, there were moments when I played great, there were moments when I made a couple of unforced errors in a row uncharacteristically. But it’s normal to expect that (in my) first match after a while.” He next faces Karen Khachanov or Alex de Minaur. Andy Murray won his first match in Dubai since his title run in 2017. He beat Australian qualifier Christopher O’Connell 6-7 (4), 6-3, 7-5 after nearly three hours. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000395_A000011	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/warranty-fraud-man-conspires-cheat-microsoft-laptops-fbi-2512396	SGP	SINGAPORE: A Singaporean teenager conspired with an American man to commit fraud against Microsoft by making false warranty claims in order to obtain 56 laptops worth US$143,144 (S$192,900). The accused, now 20, claimed that the laptops were sold off and that he used the proceeds to buy Bitcoin but lost everything after the price of Bitcoin plummeted in 2018. The offender cannot be named as he was under 18 at the time of the offences and therefore protected under the Children and Young Persons Act. He pleaded guilty in court on Tuesday (Feb 22) to one count of conspiring to cheat Microsoft, and three counts of acquiring property that were benefits from criminal conduct. Another seven charges will be considered in sentencing. The court heard that the accused was 16 at the time of the offences in 2017. He became acquainted with an American citizen known as Justin David May, who was based in the United States at all times, through a private online forum. Mays age was not indicated in court documents. Members of the forum discussed methods to exploit the advance warranty programmes of entities selling electronic devices. Such schemes involved making fraudulent warranty claims to obtain replacement devices, while failing to return the supposedly faulty devices. ACCUSED DISCOVERED A CHANCE TO CHEAT Sometime between August 2017 and October 2017, the accused discovered that Microsoft Surface laptops were being sold online for US$800, which was less than half their retail price. He also realised that the serial numbers of Microsoft Surface laptops with valid warranties could be purchased from certain online forum users for about US$25 each. He shared this opportunity to exploit Microsofts advance warranty programme and told May about it. Together, they settled on a modus operandi: The accused would buy the serial numbers of the laptops with valid warranties online, and used them to make advance exchange warranty claims to Microsoft by claiming the devices were faulty. In the warranty claims, he would indicate a US address provided by May for Microsoft to deliver the replacement devices to. The accused would then give May the delivery tracking numbers to inform him of incoming shipments, and Microsoft would deliver the devices to the provided US addresses. Once May received the laptops, he would consolidate and ship them to the accuseds flat in Tampines. As part of their agreement, May would keep one to two laptops for himself, for every five to eight laptops that he received. On 56 occasions between August 2017 and October 2017, the accused submitted false advance exchange warranty claims to Microsoft for 56 laptops, while based in Singapore. He submitted the claims either online or via telephone calls, using a fictitious name, email address and phone number. If he submitted the claims via phone calls, he used an application that made it seem as though he was based in the US. Microsoft was cheated into delivering 56 laptops worth USS$143,144 to several addresses in the US as a result of the deception. After receiving the laptops at his Tampines flat, the accused sold them on Carousell for between S$1,700 and S$2,500 each. He sold a total of 75 Microsoft Surface laptops on the platform, but investigations could not uncover how he obtained the other 19 laptops. May was charged in the US in January 2018 for offences including mail fraud committed against Microsoft. In May 2018, the Singapore Police Forces Commercial Affairs Department received information from the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) that the accused had allegedly conspired with May to commit the fraud against Microsoft. The accused claimed he used the sale proceeds to buy Bitcoin, but lost everything after the price of Bitcoin plummeted in 2018. He made partial restitution of S$10,000 to Microsoft in August 2021. The court called for a probation suitability report and adjourned sentencing to next month. May was sentenced to seven years and eight months in prison and ordered to pay more than US$4 million in restitution after pleading guilty in two separate cases to 42 counts of mail fraud, 10 counts of money laundering, three counts of interstate transportation of goods obtained by fraud and two counts of tax evasion. The US Department of Justice said Mays convictions stemmed from separate schemes he perpetrated in order to defraud Cisco Systems, Microsoft, Lenovo Group and APC by Schneider Electric out of computer hardware. 
20220221_173939_pak_C000403_A000007	www.thenews.com.pk	https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/935692-rupee-rises	PAK	KARACHI: The rupee gained slightly against the dollar on Monday, helped by soft demand for the greenback from importers, dealers said. In the interbank market, the local unit closed at 175.75 to dollar, compared with the previous close of 175.86. It appreciated by 0.06 percent during the session. “The rupee is moving with daily demand and supply of dollars in the currency market. There was no major import payment today, which supported the domestic currency,” said a foreign exchange dealer.“If this trend continues, the rupee should hold steady in the near term,” he added. However, there is an important trigger in the market at the moment and investors are waiting for some positive news from the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), which can boost sentiment on the local unit.FATF’s plenary meetings are scheduled from February 21 to March 04 in Paris. The FATF upcoming decision would decide whether Pakistan should exit from the grey list. The government officials said Pakistan had completed FATF’s technical requirements and there was no justification to keep Pakistan on the grey list, according to media reports. The rupee ended weaker in the open market. It closed at 177.80 per dollar, compared with 177.50 on Friday. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000426_A000021	www.phonearena.com	https://www.phonearena.com/news/oneplus-10-pro-5g-snaps-in-half_id138575	USA	The OnePlus 10 Pro has already been released in China with some outstanding specs including a 6.7-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate, a resolution of 1440 x 3216, and an aspect ratio of 20:9. Under the hood is the powerful 4nm Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chipset n=made by Samsung Foundry and paired with up to 12GB of memory and carrying as much as 256GB of storage (not including the Panda White Extreme Edition which features 12GB of RAM and 512GB of storage).The rear camera array is equipped with a 48MP camera sensor, and an ultra-wide-angle lens sits in front of a 50MP camera sensor. The telephoto lens can be found in front of an 8MP camera sensor, and includes 3.3x optical zoom. The 5000mAh battery charges at 80W using a wired charger and at 50W using a wireless charger. We recently conducted on the Galaxy S22 Ultra, Galaxy S21 Ultra, iPhone 13 Pro Max, the Pixel 6 Pro, and the OnePlus 10 Pro. We dont want to give away the results, but the fastest to 100% was actually no surprise.What might have come as a major shock is the result of a durability test on the OnePlus 10 Pro conducted by JerryRigEverything. When pressure was applied to the middle of the phone, it snapped in half. You can see the gory event as it takes place on the video that accompanies this story. As they say, viewer discretion is advised.Zack Nelson, the host of the channel, found it suspicious that OnePlus released the OnePlus 10 Pro in China but not in the U.S. This, he said, makes you wonder if somethings up. In light of what Nelson discovered, perhaps we shouldnt be so quick to dismiss that theory. Interestingly, many of the comments on YouTube were from owners who said that the quality of the companys phones started sliding after the OnePlus 7 Pro. And no, this does not count as the first foldable phone from OnePlus. 
20220221_173939_isr_C000427_A000036	consumer.healthday.com	https://consumer.healthday.com/low-risk-for-second-allergic-reaction-to-mrna-sars-cov-2-vaccine-2656732175.html	ISR	TUESDAY, Feb. 22, 2022 (HealthDay News) -- For patients with an allergic reaction to their first dose of mRNA severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) vaccination, the risk for repeated immediate allergic and severe immediate allergic reactions associated with a second dose is low, according to a review published online Feb. 21 in JAMA Internal Medicine.Derek K. Chu, M.D., Ph.D., from McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, and colleagues conducted a systematic review to examine the risk for severe immediate allergic reactions to a second dose of SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine among individuals with an immediate allergic reaction to the first dose. Data were included from 22 studies, with 1,366 individuals who had immediate allergic reactions to their first vaccination.The researchers found that six patients developed severe immediate allergic reactions after their second vaccination (absolute risk, 0.16 percent) and 1,360 (99.84 percent) tolerated the dose. Overall, 232 patients (13.65 percent) experienced mild immediate nonsevere symptoms with their second dose. Of the 78 people with severe immediate allergic reactions to their first SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination, four (4.94 percent) and 15 (9.54 percent) had a second severe immediate reaction and nonsevere symptoms, respectively. No deaths were reported.Although further research is warranted, these findings support the safe revaccination of individuals with an allergic reaction to a first SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine dose in a setting equipped to manage severe allergic reactions, if they were to occur, the authors write.Several authors disclosed financial ties to pharmaceutical companies, including Pfizer. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000428_A000037	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/science/2022/feb/22/scientists-find-part-of-brain-responds-selectively-to-sound-of-singing	NAM	It may not yet feature in a West End musical but scientists say they have found an unexpected response to singin’ in the brain.Researchers say they have found particular groups of neurons that appear to respond selectively to the sound of singing., a team of scientists in the US report how they made their discovery by recording electrical activity in the brains of 15 participants, each of whom had electrodes inserted inside their skulls to monitor epileptic seizures before undergoing surgery.The team recorded electrical activity in response to 165 different sounds, from pieces of instrumental music to speech and sounds such as dogs barking, and then processed them using an algorithm. They combined the results with data from fMRI brain scans previously collected from 30 different individuals to map the location of the patterns in the brain.Dr Samuel Norman-Haignere, a co-author of the study based at the University of Rochester, said the team decided to combine the data from the different approaches to overcome their respective weaknesses and combine their strengths.“fMRI is one of the workhorses of human cognitive neuroscience, but it is very coarse. Intracranial data is much more precise but has very poor spatial coverage,” he said.The results confirmed previous findings from fMRI scans that some neurons respond only to speech or respond more strongly to music. However, they also revealed populations of neurons that appear to respond selectively to the sound of singing, showing only very weak responses to other types of music or speech alone.“These results suggest that representations of music are fractionated into subpopulations selective for different types of music, one of which is specialised for the analysis of song,” the team write.The work reveals these song-specific neurons appear to sit in the superior temporal gyrus, close to areas previously identified as responding particularly to music or to speech.The authors write that it is likely the song-selective neurons were not spotted in previous work using fMRI scans alone, since the use of electrodes allows for a finer-grained measures of the activity of neurons.The researchers add work is now under way to understand what it is about singing that these areas of the brain are responding to – for example whether it is pitch and timbre, or melodies and rhythms – while they also hope to explore how such selectivity arose during development or evolution.“Our study presents a first step toward answering these longstanding questions,” the authors write.They also raise the possibility of studying the impact of activating areas of the brain related to songs and exploring interactions with other parts of the brain, noting that songs can elicit particular emotions or memories.Sophie Scott, a professor of cognitive neuroscience at University College London who was not involved in the research, welcomed the study.“The singing voice is the only musical instrument that almost everyone is born with, so one might expect us to have a rather different relationship with human song, relative to other kinds of music,” she said.“We know that there are some significant differences between the brain systems that control how we speak and those that control how we sing, so it’s very interesting that some of these distinctions are also seen when we listen to human song.”Dr Ediz Sohoglu, a cognitive neuroscientist at University of Sussex, said the findings were striking.“One of the interesting questions that arises is why the brain has evolved or been shaped by experience to develop such specialised neurons. Why not just use the same neurons in a multi-purpose fashion to process more than one type of sound?” he said.“One possibility is that having specialised neurons helps a listener to focus on certain sounds in noisy environments. For example, if I am listening to my favourite singer in a concert, I might find it easier to ignore the loud conversation behind me – which would be represented in a different part of my brain.” 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000429_A000030	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/feb/22/black-carbon-pollution-from-tourism-and-research-increasing-antarctic-snowmelt-study-says	SGP	Black carbon pollution from tourism and research activities in is likely increasing snowmelt on the continent by an estimated 83 tonnes for each visitor, according to new research.Scientists have estimated that the black carbon produced by vessels, planes and diesel generators results in 23mm of additional snowmelt each summer in the most frequently visited areas of the ice-covered landmass.More than 74,000 tourists visited Antarctica in the , nearly double the figures from .A team of researchers sampled the snow yearly between 2016 and 2020 at 28 sites spanning 2000km from Antarctica’s northern tip to the Ellsworth Mountains.They focused primarily on the Antarctic peninsula, where about half of the research facilities on the continent are located and where an estimated 95% of Antarctic tourist trips are made.The team estimated that 53,000 tourists visited Antarctica annually between 2016 and 2020.Study co-author Dr Raúl Cordero, of the University of Santiago Chile, said Antarctic snow was the cleanest on Earth, typically with baseline levels of black carbon around one part in a billion.“That is 1000 times less than what you would find in the Himalayas, and 100 times less than what you can find in the Andes or in the Rocky Mountains,” he said.Sign up to receive the top stories from Guardian Australia every morning.Black carbon levels at sites on the Antarctic peninsula were between two and four times higher than on other parts of the continent.“What black carbon is doing is making the snow darker [so it] is absorbing more solar radiation,” Cordero said. “That extra energy is accelerating the melting of the snow.”He believes a limit on the number of tourists to Antarctica may need to be adopted.The team quantified the likely snowmelt by calculating how black carbon pollution reduced the snow’s albedo – a measure of how well a surface reflects solar energy.Researchers suggest that alternatives to diesel be used to power Antarctic facilities, such as wind. Photograph: Raul Cordero/University of Santiago, ChileThey calculated that an Antarctic researcher’s black carbon footprint was about 10 times greater than a tourist’s.“We estimated that … the snow that is melting faster because of the activities carried out by a researcher would be closer to 1000 tonnes,” Cordero said. “Every researcher is using vessels, planes, helicopters, generators – and everybody’s using diesel for powering these.”Cordero said that while the amount of pollution-induced snowmelt is far less than the ice and snow lost to global warming, the study highlighted the need for a transition to renewable energy sources.“There are technical alternatives to diesel that could be used in Antarctica,” he said, citing the Belgian research station, , which is primarily powered by wind.Prof Andrew Mackintosh, head of the school of earth atmosphere and environment at Monash University, who was not involved in the research, said the link between was well established in other parts of the world.“In the Antarctic peninsula the two major processes [affecting melting] would still be warming oceans melting ice shelves from beneath, or warming surface air temperatures that are melting the ice from above,” Mackintosh said.“If we have even greater surface warming in [the] decades to centuries ahead, as is projected for the Antarctic peninsula, then the additional black carbon on the surface will cause even more melt than would have occurred otherwise,” he said.“Human activity is causing the polar regions to warm, but the burning of … [fossil] fuels has a direct consequence in terms of surface melt as well.”“If you can get rid of the greenhouse gases in the first place, you’ll reduce the temperature increase,” he said. “There’s also the added benefit of less darkening of the snow surfaces.”Cordero said: “Antarctica is the last continent more or less unpolluted. I think we should try to keep it that way.”The study was published in the peer-reviewed journal . 
20220221_173939_zaf_C000443_A000006	www.timeslive.co.za	https://www.timeslive.co.za/politics/2022-02-22-the-eff-has-finally-declared-donations-it-received-to-the-iec/	ZAF	In a statement on Tuesday, IEC spokesperson Kate Bapela said 11 political parties made declarations about their donors.Collectively, the parties received more than R46m, with the ruling ANC receiving R22.8m.The DA declared it got R12.5m Herman Mashaba’s Action SA declared donations of R5m while the EFF received R3m. Other parties that made declarations include the Abantu Integrity Movement, which got R100,000, the Patriotic Alliance which declared R430,000 and Shosholoza Progressive Party R150,000.The African Transformation Movement declared R200,000; the Freedom Front Plus got R484,438, the Good party declared R340,447 and the IFP declared R787,588.“The 11 disclosures represent a notable increase in the number of political parties making declarations in comparison to the first and second quarters. In the two preceding quarters, only three and six parties respectively made declarations. “It is noteworthy that three parties, namely ActionSA, the ANC and DA, have consistently made declarations over the three quarters,” said Bapela. She said R5.7m was donations in kind while the rest were monetary donations.“The largest amount of a single monetary donation declared is the R15m donated by Batho Batho Trust and declared by the ANC,” she said. 
20220221_173939_idn_C000451_A000014	www.ladbible.com	https://www.ladbible.com/entertainment/netflix-documentary-exploring-causes-behind-two-boeing-737-crashes-is-20220216	IDN	A chilling new documentary exploring two high-profile that took place within a matter of months is out on now, with many viewers saying they were left speechless and enraged by the powerful film. Watch the trailer here: Downfall: The Case Against Boeing delves into the the ‘negligence and corporate greed behind the two devastating crashes – one in October 2018 that saw a Lion Air flight plummet into the Java Sea, killing 189 passengers and crew, and a second that followed just five months later in Ethiopia, killing 157. Billed by the streaming service as a ‘searing investigation of a once-iconic company and its tragic failures’, the film exposes how Wall Street’s influence and Boeing’s ‘crumbling internal culture’ resulted in two historic plane crashes and the 346 combined fatalities – along with a ‘shocking cover-up that followed. Credit: NetflixA synopsis reads: “In the chilling documentary Downfall: The Case Against Boeing, Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Rory Kennedy uncovers the negligence and corporate greed that led to two Boeing MAX 737 plane crashes within the span of just five months. “Guided by aviation experts, news journalists, former Boeing employees, the United States Congress, and the families of victims, the film reveals a culture of reckless cost-cutting and concealment at the once-venerated company. “A fierce indictment of Wall Streets corrupting influence, Downfall exposes larger questions about the perils of America’s corporate ethos and the staggering human cost. Directed and produced by Rory Kennedy. “Produced and co-written by Mark Bailey. Executive produced by Brian Grazer and Ron Howard.” Credit: NetflixAfter watching the documentary on Netflix, where its currently in the UK Top 10, many viewers have expressed their shock and anger on Twitter.One wrote: Takes a lot to shock me when it comes to corporate greed but the Netflix Boeing documentary has left me dumbfounded.Someone else said: As a wee aviation geek, I already knew many details of the mind-blowing corporate malpractice going on at #Boeing that led to the two fatal #737-800MAX crashes. Still, the new @netflix documentary #Downfall left me even more speechless, wondering how on earth is it possible.A third tweeted: The new @netflix documentary about #Boeing737Max gives me proper chills!!!Another added: were joining the enraged many watching the Boeing documentary. Theres just a whole lot of us staring at each other with jaws dropped and exclaiming OH MY GODThe film - which premiered at Sundance - also already has a respectable rating of 91 percent on review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes, with a review from s Lisa Kennedy saying: With the eloquent testimony of family members; aviation industry experts; former Boeing engineers and quality control employees, plus a squadron of commercial airline pilots — including, arguably the nation’s most trusted, Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger — director Rory Kennedy not only builds a case against Boeing but offers an object lesson in the tragic consequences of corporate greed and hubris.Credit: NetflixNoel Murray from also reveals how were given helpful insights from past Boeing employees and air travel experts including hero pilot Chelsey Sully Sullenberger, adding: Downfall isn’t so much the case against Boeing as it is the case against an economic system where doing whatever it takes to boost the price of stocks for shareholders matters more than the longterm health of the corporation in which those shareholders are actually invested. This is a cautionary tale about what happens when companies start selling a name instead of the goods and services it’s supposed to represent.Watch Downfall: The Case Against Boeing on Netflix now. 
20220221_173939_zaf_C000459_A000012	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/news24/africa/news/eu-removes-grace-mugabe-zimbabwes-vice-president-and-army-commander-from-sanctions-list-20220222	ZAF	The EU has lifted sanctions on Grace Mugabe. Brad Barket/Getty Images for Fashion 4 Development Grace Mugabe, Zimbabwes second in command and an army boss have been removed from the European Unions sanctions list.Zanu-PF claims its a diplomatic victory for President Emmerson Mnangagwa.The EU has noted with concern the failure of Zimbabwe to improve its democracy and human rights records.The European Union (EU) has removed already suspended targeted sanctions on the last three Zimbabwean public officials and politicians on the list.They are Zimbabwes vice-president Constantino Chiwenga, who led the military coup that dislodged the late Robert Mugabe; Mugabes widow, Grace; and current army boss General Valerio Sibanda.Chiwenga and Sibandas sanctions were suspended in 2014, and the suspension of sanctions against Grace Mugabe came six years later, in 2020 - a year after the death of her husband.READ | They had been on the sanctions list since 2002 on grounds of political violence, human rights abuses, and the failure to hold free and fair elections. Initially, in 2002, the sanctions list had almost 200 people and some 30 firms and state utilities on it. Only one firm, arms manufacturing and procurement company Zimbabwe Defence Industries, remains on the list with its assets frozen.In a statement, the EU said that it reiterates its ambition for a more constructive relationship with Zimbabwe at all levels.In response, Zanu-PF noted the progressive decision but called for the unconditional removal of all sanctions. It said it was a diplomatic victory for President Emmerson Mnangagwa.However, the EU raised concerns about Zimbabwes human rights and democracy records.The EU said:The situation in terms of respect for human rights has not improved in Zimbabwe. Intimidation of the political opposition and other government critics has continued to the democratic and civic space.On Sunday, the main political parties in Zimbabwe, the ruling Zanu-PF and the Citizens Coalition for Change (CCC), formerly the MDC Alliance of Nelson Chamisa, held rallies in preparation for by-elections in March.But the CCCs rally, unlike the Zanu-PF one, didnt get coverage on the state-controlled broadcaster Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation.Also, at least more than 100 CCC supporters were arrested for holding car rallies or conducting door-to-door campaigns.The EU said it would continue to monitor the situation in Zimbabwe.The EU will continue to closely follow developments, with particular attention to the human rights situation, and recalls its readiness to review and adapt the whole range of its policies accordingly, the EU statement read.As part of its campaign, Zanu-PF claims the sanctions by the EU as well as the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001, a law enacted by the United States to support its embargo on Zimbabwe, affects ordinary Zimbabweans. Like the US, the EU said that was not true.The measures in place are targeted and very limited, therefore they do not affect the people of Zimbabwe, its economy, foreign direct investments, or trade, the EU said.President Mnangagwa attended the EU-African Union Summit in Brussels, Belgium last week.Upon his return, he said the re-engagement drive with the EU was hopeful.The News24 Africa Desk is supported by the Hanns Seidel Foundation. The stories produced through the Africa Desk and the opinions and statements that may be contained herein do not reflect those of the Hanns Seidel Foundation.We want to hear your views on the news. to be part of the conversation in the comments section of this article. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000470_A000029	www.teamtalk.com	https://www.teamtalk.com/liverpool/marcelo-brozovic-cheeky-jurgen-klopp-transfer-ploy-dashednew-inter-milan-deal	TZA	Liverpool’s apparent interest in Marcelo Brozovic appears over with the midfielder on the verge of signing a new deal to stay at Inter Milan. The Reds were strongly linked with a move for midfielder, with the Croatian having caught Jurgen Klopp’s eye last week. Liverpool – Champions League winners in 2019 – look well placed to reach the quarter-finals again after a 2-0 first-leg win last Wednesday. However, , thanks to goals from Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah. Indeed, they were the only two shots on target Liverpool could muster all game. As such, their usual attacking verve was restricted due to a number of key performers in the Inter Milan side. One of those was the performance of Ivan Perisic down the left. He was so good that a . Perisic’s performance was matched by experienced duo Brozovic and Arturo Vidal in midfield. The pair ensured a tight and tense battle in the midfield on the night. Indeed, Klopp brought on both Jordan Henderson and Naby Keita to try and gain more control in the middle. So good though was Brozovic’s performance, though, that Klopp is now reportedly considering a move for the 29-year-old after he blew him away. Out of contract in the summer, . Marcelo Brozovic agrees huge four-year deal However, Brozovic is now on the verge of signing a new contract with Inter, according to club administrator Giuseppe Marotta. The 29-year-old is to be rewarded with a mammoth new deal through June 2026, worth a reported €6m-per-season. Marcelo Brozovic to be approached by Liverpool this summer after impressive Champions League display Marcelo Brozovic may find his way to Liverpool this summer after impressing Klopp for Inter Milan during Champions League match Brozovic has made 33 appearances in all competitions this season, becoming a key figure under Simeone Inzaghi. “We are aware that both the club and the player want to continue together,” Marotta told . “This is a fact. It means that, within a few days, we will reach a signature that will ratify his contract renewal.” That Ł96,000 a week deal will keep Brozovic at the San Siro beyond his 33rd birthday. Milner tipped for wage cut to stay at Liverpool James Milner, meanwhile, looks destined to remain at Anfield with talks underway over a new deal on Merseyside. And pundit Danny Mills is backing Klopp’s decision to extend the veteran star’s stay – even though another deal would take him well beyond the age of 37. Mills also suggests Milner will likely take a drop in wages in a big show of committment. “I’ve been quite surprised about people kicking up a fuss about this,” Mills said. “People saying ‘I can’t believe they’re going to give James Milner a new contract, he hardly plays’. “They’re not going to offer him Ł500,000-a-week, it’s going to be relative. I assume it’s going to be less than he’s earning now. “It will be relative to the number of games he’s played and there will be a bit of loyalty thrown in there too. “He’s very, very good around the place, he’s reliable, he’s professional. He sets the right example to the other players and the players coming through. He’s got a wealth of experience.” READ MORE: 
20220221_173939_tza_C000470_A000031	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-galaxy-collision-space-triangle-hubble.html	TZA	A spectacular head-on collision between two galaxies fueled the unusual triangular-shaped star-birthing frenzy, as captured in a new image from NASAs Hubble Space Telescope. The interacting galaxy duo is collectively called Arp 143. The pair contains the glittery, distorted, star-forming spiral galaxy NGC 2445 at right, along with its less flashy companion, NGC 2444 at left. Credit: NASA, ESA, STScI, Julianne Dalcanton (Center for Computational Astrophysics / Flatiron Inst. and University of Washington) A spectacular head-on collision between two galaxies fueled the unusual triangular-shaped star-birthing frenzy, as captured in a new image from NASAs Hubble Space Telescope. The interacting galaxy duo is collectively called Arp 143. The pair contains the glittery, distorted, star-forming spiral galaxy NGC 2445 at right, along with its less flashy companion, NGC 2444 at left. Astronomers suggest that the galaxies passed through each other, igniting the uniquely shaped star-formation firestorm in NGC 2445, where thousands of stars are bursting to life on the right-hand side of the image. This galaxy is awash in starbirth because it is rich in gas, the fuel that makes stars. However, it hasnt yet escaped the gravitational clutches of its partner NGC 2444, shown on the left side of the image. The pair is waging a cosmic tug-of-war, which NGC 2444 appears to be winning. The galaxy has pulled gas from NGC 2445, forming the oddball triangle of newly minted stars. Simulations show that head-on collisions between two galaxies is one way of making rings of new stars, said astronomer Julianne Dalcanton of the Flatiron Institutes Center for Computational Astrophysics in New York and the University of Washington in Seattle. Therefore, rings of star formation are not uncommon. However, whats weird about this system is that its a triangle of star formation. Part of the reason for that shape is that these galaxies are still so close to each other and NGC 2444 is still holding on to the other galaxy gravitationally. NGC 2444 may also have an invisible hot halo of gas that could help to pull NGC 2445s gas away from its nucleus. So theyre not completely free of each other yet, and their unusual interaction is distorting the ring into this triangle. NGC 2444 is also responsible for yanking taffy-like strands of gas from its partner, stoking the streamers of young, blue stars that appear to form a bridge between the two galaxies. VIDEO Credit: NASAs Goddard Space Flight Center These streamers are among the first in what appears to be a wave of star formation that started on NGC 2445s outskirts and continued inward. Researchers estimate the streamer stars were born between about 50 million and 100 million years ago. But these infant stars are being left behind as NGC 2445 continues to pull slowly away from NGC 2444. Stars no older than 1 million to 2 million years are forming closer to the center of NGC 2445. Hubbles keen sharpness reveals some individual stars. They are the brightest and most massive in the galaxy. Most of the brilliant blue clumps are groupings of stars. The pink blobs are giant, young, star clusters still enshrouded in dust and gas. Although most of the action is happening in NGC 2445, it doesnt mean the other half of the interacting pair has escaped unscathed. The gravitational tussle has stretched NGC 2444 into an odd shape. The galaxy contains old and no new starbirth because it lost its gas long ago, well before this galactic encounter. This is a nearby example of the kinds of interactions that happened long ago. Its a fantastic sandbox to understand star formation and interacting , said Elena Sabbi of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, Maryland. Citation: Galaxy collision creates space triangle in new Hubble image (2022, February 22) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-galaxy-collision-space-triangle-hubble.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000486_A000010	news.yahoo.com	https://news.yahoo.com/tennessee-woman-accused-trading-items-192004164.html	USA	A woman in Tennessee is accused of exchanging items for sexual encounters with nine high school boys she spoke with on social media, officials said.Melissa A. Blair, 38, of Englewood — about 60 miles northeast of Chattanooga — was indicted on Feb. 15 on 23 charges, including 18 counts of aggravated statutory rape, four counts of human trafficking by patronizing prostitution and one count of solicitation of a minor, announced.Guy said the victims, students at McMinn Central High School, were all minors when Blair had sexual encounters with them in exchange for items between the spring of 2020 and until late 2021.He declined to specify what those items were during a news conference last week.Blair could not be reached for comment by NBC News. Her attorney, Robert Kurtz, declined comment on Tuesday.McMinn County Director of Schools Lee Parkison said during the joint media briefing he was surprised the allegations against Blair — a parent who was involved in booster clubs — stayed secret for so long, especially in the age of social media.Related video: Former Cheer star Jerry Harris pleads guilty in sex abuse caseAuthorities began investigating Blair after district officials were alerted to her through an anonymous letter, Parkison said.“I want to thank the person who put this anonymous letter in my office,” he said. “Without them, this could still be going on.”The sheriff’s office received a referral from the Tennessee Department of Children’s Services on Dec. 9, Guy said.About a week later, detectives with the sheriff’s office went to Blair’s home and spoke with her. Authorities later executed a search warrant at her house, according to the sheriff’s office.Stephen Crump, district attorney general with the Tenth Judicial District, said during last week’s media briefing that investigators suspect there are more victims.“In a case like this, it truly is about those who were victimized,” he said. “It’s not about a headline. It’s not about a trial. It’s about trying to make, as much as possible, our victims whole.”In a statement Tuesday, Crump said: “We are extremely concerned that other victims may exist. I know that this is a difficult topic for children and parents to discuss. It is crucial that we identify any additional victims. We believe that several may exist. I am asking any victims and their parents to come forward if they haven’t.”Two of Blair’s alleged victims are now adults, Guy said.According to the indictment, the victims, who were identified by their dates of birth, were born between the years 2003 and 2006.Blair turned herself in to the sheriff’s office last week and later posted $100,000 bond, authorities said.Her arraignment is scheduled for Monday, Crump said.Officials ask if anyone knows of additional victims to contact the McMinn County Sheriff’s Office at 423-745-5620 or the Tenth Judicial District at 423-744-2830. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000486_A000016	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/22/heres-why-macys-isnt-splitting-its-online-business-from-its-stores.html	USA	isnt breaking up after all.On Tuesday, the department store chain affirmed that it will forge ahead as one retailer, despite .During a call with analysts, Macys Chief Executive Jeff Gennette explained that the department store chain had been working closely with advisors to consider a number of scenarios, including Macys separating its website from its stores. The conclusion of the review process, he said, was that Macys is already on the right track with its turnaround plans and .Importantly, Macys decision could also have implications for retailers such as , and , which have all been facing similar pressure to break up. Analysts say the appeal of an e-commerce spinoff, , is waning fast as shoppers head back to stores and online-only entities incur heftier expenses to acquire customers and to handle shipping and returns.Gennette gave four key reasons as to why Macys decided not to spin off its e-commerce arm. One is that Macys isnt currently constrained for capital to invest in its business. Second is that a breakup would come with high separation costs, he said. Third is that running two separate businesses would come with heightened ongoing expenses. And lastly, according to Gennette, is the risk that a breakup could deter customers from shopping the Macys brand.In every alternative scenario we considered, the execution risk for the business and our customers was too high, the CEO said. We determined that Macys has a stronger future as a fully integrated business ... with Macys and Bloomingdales together with a broad range of brands, price points and customers across digital and stores.Macys Chief Financial Officer Adrian Mitchell echoed this sentiment on the earnings conference call and said that Macys long-term strategy is durable. Its important to acknowledge that today were in just a much different competitive position than we were even just two years ago, he said.In turn, Macys says it will ramp up plans to open additional small-format stores and create more of its own private labels. It also has been working on a digital marketplace thats expected to debut later this year.Jefferies analyst Stephanie Wissink said it isnt a big surprise that Macys rejected the idea of splitting online from stores. Activist heat has cooled off in recent months, she said, and the risks of a breakup was too high for Macys.Jana had slashed its holdings in Macys by 84% in the last months of 2021, according to a regulatory filing, following its push in October for the retailer to break up. Jana didnt give a reason for the selling at the time.A representative for Jana didnt immediately respond to CNBCs request for comment.GlobalData Retail Managing Director Neil Saunders added about Macys that, Management knows that stores and online are part of the same ecosystem and that the business works best when both are fully aligned and part of the same entity.What is in the interest of Wall Street investors making short term gains, is not necessarily in the interest of the long-term health of the company, Saunders added.To be sure, he noted that Macys is resisting the urge to split from a position of strength, on the heels of its . Kohls and Nordstrom are not performing as well, Saunders said, which could make it all the more difficult for them to dismiss calls from investors who are looking to make changes.Nordstrom is said to be working with AlixPartners to review a potential , Nordstrom Rack. Kohls, meantime, has . Kohls has also come under pressure to consider an outright sale.Both Kohls and Nordstrom are expected to report quarterly results next Tuesday.Though Saks and now Saks.com are two privately held entities, , particularly in the luxury segment.Run by President Larry Bruce, Saks stores are still entirely owned by HBC. Saks digital unit, however, received an investment from the venture capital firm Insight Partners, which now has a minority stake in the business. Marc Metrick, formerly chief executive officer of the combined Saks businesses, leads the digital side.Under Metrick, Saks.com was preparing for an initial public offering, targeting the first half of this year. But its unclear if that timeline has changed at all, or if those plans are still on the table.Macys shares closed Tuesday down about 5%, in spite of the department store chain issuing an upbeat outlook for 2022. The stock is up nearly 60% over the past 12 months.Kohls is down 3% over the same period, while Nordstrom has dropped 46%. Dillards has surged 188% over the past 12 months. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000486_A000035	www.wral.com	https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/omicron-subvariant-ba-2-has-arrived-in-nc/20153432/	USA	By Aaron Thomas, WRAL reporterSome laboratories in North Carolina have detected the presence of the latest COVID-19 variant, a subvariant of omicron called BA.2. The BA.2 subvariant is also called stealth omicron because researchers say it can be harder to detect on a PCR test. It also shows resistance to some treatments and may cause more serious illness than the initial omicron variant. Dr. David Wohl, who specializes in infectious diseases for UNC Health, says the entire UNC system has only seen three cases of the new variant so far. Wohl said the biggest concern is that any new variant may not respond the same to existing treatments. It does look like it’s a little bit more infectious, but the good news is the vaccines work really well against it, just as well as they worked against omicron itself, he said. Health experts say BA.2 is 30% to 50% more contagious than the original omicron variant, but so far, according to NPR, the BA.2 subvariant has spread slowly in the United States. BA.2 represents a very small proportion of sequenced viruses in the United States at this time, a state Department of Health and Human Services spokeswoman told WRAL News. She issued this reminder: The best way that people can to protect themselves from serious illness, hospitalization and death from all COVID-19 variants: getting vaccinated and boosted as soon as you are eligible. The news is troubling for people like Suzanne Beaumont, who said the pandemic continues to teach us something new. She said it feels too early to end local mask mandates across the state. It feels a little bit soon, we’ve been in our masks a long time. Things keep happening. I’m going to wear mine for awhile, said Beaumont. Dr. Mary Braithwaithe suggests being mindful of one’s environment. I don’t want to overly worry anyone. I just want us to be smart with our choices, said Braithwaithe. As mask mandates loosen, it’s more important to bolster defenses with a looming subvariant. I would exercise some caution with the relaxation of mask mandates and consider in places where people are gathering and places where people are high risk to continue masking, said Braithwaite. 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000487_A000029	www.lcfc.com	https://www.lcfc.com/news/2497828/leicester-city-academy-stars-sign-professional-contracts	ZWE	Leicester City are delighted to confirm that 15 of its Academy players have signed professional contracts with the Football Club. - Fifteen players agree professional contracts with the Foxes- Kasey McAteer, Sammy Braybrooke, Ben Nelson, Ben Grist, Wanya Marcal-Madivadua and Tawanda Maswanhise among those to have signed deals- A number of Academy graduates have progressed to the First Team in recent seasons With a host of talent continuing to come through the ranks at the Club’s famous Academy, a number of its brightest prospects have committed to continuing their development with the Club by putting pen to paper on professional terms with the Foxes. The Club have a proud history of developing young players for the First Team, with Academy graduates , , and all progressing through the pathway in recent seasons. Kasey McAteer, who made his First Team debut in a 4-0 win over Newcastle the December, has agreed a new deal. The 20-year-old midfielder has been part of the Club’s Academy since the age of eight and also featured in the 4-1 FA Cup win at home to Watford in January.Midfielder Sammy Braybrooke, 17, has impressed in his role as a deep-lying playmaker at club and international level this season, with those displays earning him the captain’s armband for England Under-18s during a recent international break. Alongside him in that England Under-18s side was promising young central defender Ben Nelson, whose progress through the Academy ranks has seen him take part in several First Team squads, including last season’s UEFA Europa League visit to Zorya Luhansk in Ukraine. The 17-year-old was also named LCFC’s Academy Player of the Season for 2020/21. Nineteen-year-old Wanya Marcal-Madivadua has also signed a professional deal on the back of his rapid progress in the Development Squad, which has also seen him feature for Portugal at Under-20 level as well as making his First Team debut as a substitute in the 4-1 FA Cup victory at home to Watford. Chris Popov Chris Popov has been in excellent goalscoring form for the Clubs Under-18s this term. Tawanda Maswanhise, meanwhile, was named in squad for the first-time last season for the trip to Old Trafford to face Manchester United and after the 19-year-old’s involvement with the First Team’s pre-season fixtures this summer, he continues to show promise in his development. There is also a first professional contract for highly rated defender Ben Grist, 17, who joined City’s Academy ranks from Grimsby Town amid interest from a host of other clubs, as well as goalkeeper Brad Young, 19, who has also agreed professional terms following his move from Hartlepool United. Ben Grist Defender Ben Grist, 17, joined from Grimsby Town. Twenty-one-year-old Lewis Brunt, who made his first senior start for the Foxes in the FA Cup win over Watford has also signed a contract, along with fellow defenders Bayli Spencer-Adams, 20, Iestyn Hughes, 19, and Ronny Nelson, 18, while there were also new deals for midfield duo of Ethan Fitzhugh, 19, and 17-year-old Zach Booth. Finally, 17-year-old Welsh striker Chris Popov and fellow countryman Will Russ, 19, have also put pen-to-paper on professional contracts during an incredibly exciting time for the next generation of Foxes stars. All players will now continue their development through the Club’s pathway at Under-18s and Under-23s levels as they strive to join the first team ranks in the future. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000492_A000013	www.foxnews.com	https://www.foxnews.com/world/canadian-mp-two-canadas-trucking-protest-emergency	USA	Canadian MP Melissa Lantsman lays bare the countrys divisions on The Ingraham Angle.NEWYou can now listen to Fox News articles! members of Parliament are outraged that their government extended the unprecedented Emergencies Act, with one MP describing it as further splitting the country into two Canadas.I believe history will judge this government and this Prime Minister very harshly. I think that he, instead of engaging in dialogue and showing leadership, he brought the hammer down on peaceful protesters who came here sincere of heart to protest his governments actions, not the government, Conservative Member of Parliament Kerry-Lynne Findlay, who serves British Columbia, told Fox News Digital in a phone interview Tuesday. invoked the Emergencies Act last week, giving power to the government to prohibit public assembly, restrict travel and require businesses - such as tow companies - to act on the government’s demands.On Monday night, the Canadian House of Commons voted 185 to 151 in favor of extending the emergency powers, which sparked quick backlash from Conservative leaders who point out that protesters have already been cleared from Ottawa and various border crossings to the U.S. Today, after the Prime Minister reported that Ottawa’s streets are cleared, that the trucks are gone and the borders are opened, the Liberals and the NDP voted to extend the Emergencies Act. This allows the government to use vast new powers and keep the state of emergency going, Conservative leader Candice Bergen said in a statement. Findlay said that coronavirus lockdowns in the country have been a terrible strain on our economy and on our people. Trudeau has argued that the protesters have caused further damage to the countrys economy by shutting down key trade corridors, but Findlay argued that a bridge being barricaded for a few days is no justification for the emergency order. It doesnt meet the threshold. This is an extraordinary piece of legislation, which should only be used in the most extraordinary circumstances. Thats why it hasnt been used before, she said. To Findlay, Canada is now split, with Trudeau’s government and its supporters on one side, and working people who she said see Canada as united and proud on the other. They sacrifice. Theyve done without. They suffered economically, physically, and in their mental health condition with lockdowns and restrictions. But theyre still firmly patriotic and want to have a brighter future, she said of the working people who protested. Trudeau has slammed the protesters as allegedly spewing hateful rhetoric and using Nazi symbolism, racist imagery, but has not allowed for open dialogue on the and vaccine mandates that the people are protesting against. Our prime minister, instead of saying, as you would expect of any good leader - ‘Well, lets have a dialogue on this. Lets talk about this. Lets discuss it.’ He called them misogynists and racist and said that they held unacceptable views. And they basically questioned: How long should we tolerate these people? Findlay said. Trudeau, however, has previously supported other protests, including Black Lives Matter in 2020 . Findlay said he didn’t invoke the unprecedented emergency order for those protests due to his political ideology. But for the current protesters, he has gone to the most extreme measures to alienate them first of all, and then shut them down. And the mainstream media continues his narrative. She argued that Trudeau’s government sees the people supporting the protests as the other category of Canadians, and added the government now equates people being anti this government with being anti-government.Findlay said this is the first time she has felt uncomfortable in her own country, explaining that she has to show her ID in order to leave her apartment to get to her office amid police in riot gear patrolling Ottawa. This government has so much to answer for. People dont trust it. Its that simple. And thats only going to become more so the more heavy-handed they are, the more that they continue these lockdowns, she said. When asked what the coming months will look like, Findlay said punitive. She pointed to the Ottawa police chief vowing to continue to hunt people down and punish them financially and lay more charges, and the hack of the donor list for the Freedom Convoy that has exposed ordinary people as spelling trouble for the coming weeks and months. Following the vote Monday to extend the Emergencies Act, Conservative leader Bergen filed a motion to revoke the measure. Twenty members of Parliament signed the motion, which will be taken up for debate next week. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000492_A000014	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/22/investing/russia-markets-ruble-economy/index.html	USA	pared heavy losses after shedding more than 10% on Monday, bringing losses so far this year to about 20%.The ruble fell toward 81 versus the US dollar on Tuesday, close to a record low, before making a recovery. The wild prompted Russias central bank to announce measures to support banks, including a provision that will allow them to use last Fridays prices for stocks and bonds when reporting their financial positions.More pain could be on the way. We expect further declines near-term in the Russian stock market, analysts at JPMorgan Chase wrote in a note to clients on Tuesday. The Wall Street bank downgraded Russian equities to neutral from overweight.Damage to Russias markets and economy would be limited if its troops do not advance beyond the parts of eastern Ukraine that Putin recognized as independent on Monday, according to analysts. But Russia would pay a higher price if further aggression with punishing sanctions that could cut the countrys banks off from the global financial system and make it difficult to export oil and natural gas.Germany said Tuesday it was , built by Russias Gazprom under the Baltic Sea with the aim of boosting its capacity to supply Europe with natural gas without piping it through Ukraine.Analysts at Capital Economics said Tuesday that the most commonly discussed sanctions could knock 1% off Russias gross domestic product, but more aggressive measures such as blocking Russia from the SWIFT global payments system could reduce economic output by 5%.According to Capital Economics, Russia is in a better position to withstand an economic shock than in 2014, when Western sanctions and plummeting oil prices combined to knock roughly 2.5% off the countrys GDP and spark a financial crisis. Russia has more foreign currency reserves, its external debt is lower, and its financial connections with major economies are smaller.Russian ratings agency ACRA estimates that the countrys banks in foreign currencies in December, up from $2.65 billion a year before, according to Reuters.Sanctions hitUS President Joe Biden plans to impose new sanctions on two parts of eastern Ukraine that Putin recognized as independent, the White House said Monday. But the United States is keeping other measures in reserve.The Western response has so far been ... symbolic, said analysts at Capital Economics. The US and EU have said they will announce more sanctions today, though they are expected to still be at the very light end of the scale, in part so that more severe measures could be held back to deter Russia from further aggression.Much depends on Putins next moves.The key question now is how far into Ukraine President Putin wants to go, said Societe Generale analyst Kit Juckes. Clearly, pushing beyond the current area of conflict would escalate the situation as Russian troops engaged with Ukrainian forces.Russias economy could be in for a major shock, but that doesnt mean there wont be blowback for other countries.US crude futures jumped 1.8% to trade above $91 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, the global benchmark, surged to $99 per barrel before falling back.Russia is one of the worlds biggest producers of oil, and a major exporter of natural gas. Investors fear that conflict in Ukraine could limit or stop the flow of Russian gas into Europe, making it much more expensive for people to heat and light their homes.In a worst case scenario, oil prices could surge as high as $140 per barrel, according to Capital Economics. That would add upward pressure to inflation in major economies around the world and make interest rate hikes more likely.Given the current high rates of inflation, and corresponding concerns about it feeding higher inflation expectations, its possible that this adds to the list of reasons for policymakers to raise interest rates, wrote analysts at Capital Economics.-— Anna Chernova contributed reporting from Moscow 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000496_A000022	www.espn.com.sg	https://www.espn.com.sg/football/soccer-transfers/story/4599517/messi-a-cronaldo-a-blukaku-a-d+-grading-the-summers-transfers-now	SGP	Its been over six months since the summer 2021 transfer window ended. If youve already forgotten how amazing it was, just remember that both and switched clubs, while the likes of spent over Ł150 million on new players despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on footballs finances around the world.So, now the dust has settled , its time to assess how well they have done at their new clubs.REAL MADRID: , Free: AAs expected, the world-class international has brought stability, experience and a touch of quality to the defence. The versatile defender needed little time to settle and his presence in the centre of defence should also be credited for the sharp improvement of the 24-year-old Eder Militao alongside him. Alaba has continued where he left off at : confident and strong in one-on-one situations when playing as a centre-back, while showcasing his creativity and crossing when playing wide. Alaba is regularly the starter of Madrids attacks courtesy of his precise distribution (93% passing accuracy in LaLiga) from the back.ARSENAL: , Ł50m: AThe 24-year-old centre-back has kept improving following his nightmare debut in the 2-0 defeat against last August. Six months on, White appears as confident and comfortable as hes ever been in an Arsenal shirt, combining good pace with resolute, decisive defending and cool distribution/ball carrying. The former Brighton mans partnership with looks the kind that Arsenal can build on for years to come and they are as compatible as any centre-back partnership in the Premier League.- - Dont have ESPN? PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN: , €70m: A-Hakimi has picked up where he left off at Inter Milan. The international needed little time to adapt to French football and was flying up and down the right-hand side in typical fashion from the start. As is often the case with such an attacking-minded defender, there have been the odd troublesome moments: he was given a torrid time by Kamaldeen Sulemana in the 2-0 defeat at Rennes, and he could have defended better on both goals in the 2-1 defeat to in the Champions League. Yet, Hakimi has been among the more reliable PSG players this season and is already proving hes worth the substantial transfer fee.AS ROMA: , €40m: B+Already a favourite of the Roma fans, the international has impressed during his first months under Jose Mourinho. Not only has he scored 11 goals in 25 Serie A games, but his overall centre-forward game -- winning free kicks and holding on to the ball when under pressure -- has stood out. The ex- striker has been among the clubs best players this campaign in a team that hasnt always been recognised for its free-flowing attacking football.play1:11Julien Laurens and Stewart Robson discuss Cristiano Ronaldos impact on Manchester United.MANCHESTER UNITED: , €15m: BAside from the never-ending debate on what impact the Portuguese superstar has had on his United teammates, dressing-room harmony, the clubs style of play and manager, Ronaldo has had a decent return to Old Trafford. In the wake of his recent barren spell in an underperforming side, its easy to forget that he came to the teams rescue on several occasions in the autumn. Those who expected to see the Ronaldo of old will obviously be disappointed, as the 37-year-old rarely takes on defenders these days, yet hes still Uniteds most reliable attacking player and has 15 goals in 29 games.PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN: , Free: B-The No. 1 goalkeeper in the world last year somewhat unexpectedly finds himself being rotated along with , after switching from to PSG for free last summer. While maybe not quite as dominant as one would have anticipated, hes managed eight clean sheets in 16 games. The international hasnt made any glaring errors either and, though Navas is an excellent goalkeeper too, it might be sensible to give Donnarumma an extended and uninterrupted run in the team in order to settle properly.MANCHESTER UNITED: , €85m: B-Sancho had a frustrating start to his United career, but hes clearly on the ascent and his two best performances for the club have come this month against and Leeds. While he looked tactically lost and struggled to find the same frequency as his teammates during his first few months, the England winger now operates more in cohesion with the movement around him. Whereas he previously tended to hesitate in decisive moments, he now looks to have regained some of the cutting edge from his Dortmund days and will be looking to improve on his two goals and two assists from 21 league games.play1:08Craig Burley analyses Jack Grealishs performance in Manchester Citys win against Fulham in the FA Cup.MANCHESTER CITY: , Ł100m: B-Although one might have expected more telling contributions for such a large transfer fee, Grealish is doing okay after his British record move to Manchester City (he also has two goals and two assists, from 17 league games). He was always going find it tough to reproduce the exceptional numbers he managed at in a side that is regularly having to negotiate a wall of defenders every week. His average dribbles per game have almost halved (from 5.8 to 3.2) and the congested nature of the game that hes having to deal with now does slow him down and can make him less incisive.RB LEIPZIG: , €23m, : B-The bar was set pretty high for the international after he scored a stunning 28 Bundesliga goals for last season. Though its taken him a while to adjust to Leipzigs attacking patterns, the 26-year-old striker has picked up lately and is starting to show a return to form with six goals in his last 11 league games.MANCHESTER UNITED: , €48m: C+Still some distance away from the world-class centre-back everyone remembers from his Real Madrid days, Varanes career at Old Trafford has not been helped by injuries or the fact that the defence appeared disjointed and in need of clear organisational principles prior to the arrival of interim manager Ralf Rangnick. With both and having gone through challenging spells, Varane has been further hindered by the lack of an undisputed partner.ATLETICO MADRID: , Loan: C+Apart from a few inspirational Champions League displays -- especially the brace against and his magnificent volley (after coming off the bench) that helped turn the game around against AC Milan -- theres been little more than flashes from Griezmann on his return to Atletico. Out with a muscular injury since early January, the forward has eight goals and three assists in 22 games in all competitions and from for €40m in the summer.play1:11Ale Moreno showers Kylian Mbappe with praise after his performance in Paris Saint-Germains 1-0 win over Real Madrid in Champions League.PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN: , Free: CThe former Barcelona forwards first six months in Paris have not been particularly brilliant after an emotional free transfer in the summer. Two Ligue 1 goals from 15 games is a surprisingly low return and, while he has performed better in the Champions League and for , theres little evidence that French football is a good match for the seven-time Ballon dOr winner. However, even at 34, Messi still is among the most creative players in European football: His 3.1 key passes and 2.2 chances created per game are nearly on the same level as he produced for Barcelona last season and he has managed nine assists.REAL MADRID: , €30m: CThis was always going to be a signing with the future in mind, but the 19-year-old midfielder scoring on his debut didnt help to cool expectations. Camavingas best performances came early on -- though he mainly came on as a substitute -- but hes failed to make a significant impact on the games since the turn of the year. The fact that hes been fielded in a variety of positions hasnt helped, or the fact he has the ageless duo of , and ahead of him in the pecking order.BAYERN MUNICH: , €42.5m: C-By far a better performer in the Champions League than the Bundesliga, Upamecano has shown his quality in patches for Bayern but his debut season has been marred by a few terrible outings. He had a shaky debut against and didnt cover himself in glory in the matches against Eintracht Frankfurt or either. His worst display, however, came in the surprise 4-2 defeat away at Bochum two weeks ago, in which he was taken off at half-time. The centre-back has become a regular for France, but will need to improve his club form in the second half of the season.play1:47Following Manchester Citys 1-0 victory over Chelsea, Janusz Michallik explains whats missing for the Blues main striker.CHELSEA: , €115m: D+The €115m striker is an illustration of the enigmatic nature of the transfer market: Lukaku already knew his way around Chelsea from a previous spell between 2011 and 14, and he had joined the European champions on the back of 64 goals in 95 games for Inter Milan over two seasons, the last of which landed a Serie A title. But the move back to London hasnt worked out, at least not yet. Lukaku has looked short of confidence in the Premier League -- though he was decisive in Januarys Club World Cup -- and has just five goals in 17 games, while vs. Crystal Palace last weekend. Also, the fact that he only averages half of the dribbles he did last season indicates that Inters end-to-end style, in which space was often abundant, suited him better. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000501_A000019	9to5google.com	https://9to5google.com/2022/02/22/pixel-6-wi-fi-fix-coming/	ETH	Following the , some Pixel 6 and 6 Pro owners . Google today confirmed the Pixel 6 problem and said it will be fixed with the upcoming March update. The issue sees Wi-Fi automatically shutting off when Pixel 6 devices are locked or not turning on at all. Google found the root cause and that it “impacts a very small number of devices.” A software fix has been developed and set to arrive with the Google Pixel Update in March. The first Monday of next month happens to fall on the 7th, with factory and OTA images available that morning. Hey . Thanks so much for reporting this issue, we’re sorry that you’re experiencing it. After some investigation, we identified the root cause and determined that it impacts a very small number of devices. Of course, we realize this is a poor experience and immediately developed a software fix that will be available in the next Google Pixel Update, rolling out in March. If you’d like to explore other options in the meantime, please get in touch with our support team, which is prepared to help you. For those that can’t wait, Google tells impacted users to contact support. Many have found that fixes the problem. From our usage, it’s quite stable and near-final quality. Google did release a last week, but that did not resolve people’s issue. Verizon’s changelog only had the following to say: The current software update provides performance improvements to your device. More on Pixel 6: FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. VIDEO 
20220221_173939_eth_C000501_A000031	www.cnet.com	https://www.cnet.com/news/you-havent-seen-clouds-until-youve-seen-them-from-the-iss/	ETH	Im used to seeing clouds from down on the ground on Earth, and I know what they look like from an airplane window. But theres a striking majesty to seeing massive clouds from the perspective of the International Space Station. Its the kind of view that taps on your soul.On Monday, snapped by the External High-Definition Camera (EHDC) on the International Space Station in November 2021. The station was over the Atlantic Ocean at the time and caught sight of some otherworldly formations.The EHDC captured a slanted look at the clouds, including some towering cumulus formations (the ones that look like chunky mushroom stalks) and an anvil cloud (the wide, flat-topped cloud near the center of the image). These flat cloud surfaces develop when rising air reaches a level in the atmosphere where it is prevented from rising further (known as an inversion layer), . Think of it as like dropping pancake batter in reverse. The cloud cant go up, so it spreads out.A dark expanse of space caps the image. The shimmering ocean below is lit up by dawn sunlight, creating a visual poem thats an ode to space, water, sky and weather. Enjoy. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000501_A000032	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/22/22945801/china-change-5-t1-rocket-debris-moon-collision-update	ETH	China claims that a piece of distant space debris that’s about to slam into the Moon does not stem from one of the nation’s lunar missions, as astronomers tracking the object believe. However, it’s possible that China may have mixed up which mission the debris originally came from, as most evidence points to it being an old Chinese rocket. This doomed space object has received quite a lot of attention over the last few weeks, ever since an astronomer and space tracker by the name of Bill Gray first predicted that it would slam into the Moon on March 4th after years of orbiting the Earth. At first, that launched a satellite for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration back in 2015. But after some follow-up analysis, Gray claimed that he was mistaken and that the debris was from 2014, which tested out technology needed to bring samples back from the Moon. This doomed space object has received quite a lot of attention Gray’s conclusion that the object is a Chinese rocket has been backed up by analysis from and . But China is now officially weighing in on the matter and is potentially disputing American astronomers’ claims. “According to China’s monitoring, the upper stage of the Chang’e-5 mission rocket has fallen through the Earth’s atmosphere in a safe manner and burnt up completely,” Wang Wenbin, a spokesperson for China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, . The statement was . Notably, Wang said that the rocket from the Chang’e-5 mission burned up in Earth’s atmosphere, according to a transcript of the conference. But Gray and others are claiming that the rocket is from the Chang’e 5-T1 mission, which is a separate flight altogether. Chang’e 5-T1 was a precursor mission to Chang’e-5, which did not launch until 2020. The booster from that mission did actually fall back to Earth and burn up in the atmosphere, . As for the booster from Chang’e 5-T1, Space News notes that the Space Force’s 18th Space Control Squadron — responsible for tracking space debris — says on its tracking website that it burned up in Earth’s atmosphere in October of 2015. But Gray has an explanation for that discrepancy, too. Apparently, the 18SPCS only provided one update on the rocket’s trajectory shortly after the mission launched and then never again. That means the “conclusion” that the rocket burned up is likely a prediction based on that one update, Gray says. “If that’s all they had to work with, then the re-entry date is a prediction a year ahead of time and is not particularly meaningful. (Sort of like trying to predict weather a year ahead of time),” Gray writes in his blog post. The Verge reached out to US Space Command, which maintains the massive catalog of tracked space debris around Earth but did not receive a response in time for publication. We’ll update if we hear back. “It would be really surprising if there were two objects as large as the one we’re tracking.” Gray says he did briefly wonder if there was maybe some other massive object that went up with the Chang’e 5-T1 mission, and that second object is causing all of this fuss now. Such a mysterious second object isn’t cataloged, though. He also says that after asking around, it seems unlikely that another object could explain what they’re seeing. “It would be really surprising if there were two objects as large as the one we’re tracking and the upper stage [of the Chinese rocket],” Gray tells The Verge. “So anybody who says that this is not the upper stage has a pretty good-sized mountain of evidence at this point to overcome.” So, all signs seem to point to the rocket coming from China. For Gray, what all of this confusion shows is that better tracking of deep space junk is very much needed. Official tracking entities like the 18SPCS are really more focused on tracking debris in lower orbits around Earth, as they post a significant risk to satellites and other assets we rely on every day. When it comes to objects like this that were launched into deep space and have spent years in highly elongated orbits around Earth, no official agency is really keeping a look out. Gray argues that entities launching objects like this should make their rockets’ positioning data publicly available and that someone — or some (probably international) agency — should maintain all of that info. And above all, some care should be given to how these objects are discarded. “Many more spacecraft are now going into high orbits, and some of them will be taking crews to the Moon,” Gray writes. “Such junk will no longer be merely an annoyance to a small group of astronomers. A few fairly simple steps would help quite a bit.” As for this object, no matter where it came from, one thing is still certain: it’s going to be dust on March 4th when it slams into the Moon. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000503_A000011	www.thehindu.com	https://www.thehindu.com/news/national/pakistan-pm-imran-khan-wants-to-have-tv-debate-with-pm-modi-to-resolve-differences/article65073970.ece	IND	Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan said on Tuesday that he would like to have a TV debate with his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi to resolve differences between the two neighbouring countries.Mr. Khan made the remarks during an interview with Russias state-run television network RT on the eve of his maiden two-day visit to Moscow - the first by a Pakistani premier in over two decades – during which he will hold talks with President Vladimir Putin and review exchange views on major regional and international issues.I would love to debate with Narendra Modi on TV, Mr. Khan said in response to a question.He added that it would be so good for over a billion people of the subcontinent if differences between Pakistan and India could be resolved through a debate.Responding to a question, Mr. Khan said when his party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf came into power in 2018 he immediately reached out to India and asked the Indian leadership to sit down at the table and resolve the Kashmir issue.He, however, regretted that India did not respond positively to his overtures.Ties between India and Pakistan nose-dived after a terror attack on the Pathankot Air Force base in 2016 by terror groups based in the neighbouring country. Subsequent attacks, including one on an Indian Army camp in Uri, further deteriorated the relationship.The relationship dipped further after India’s war planes pounded a Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorist training camp deep inside Pakistan on February 26, 2019 in response to the Pulwama terror attack in which 40 CRPF jawans were killed.The relations deteriorated after India announced withdrawing the special powers of Jammu and Kashmir and bifurcation of the erstwhile State into two Union Territories in August, 2019.India has repeatedly told Pakistan that Jammu and Kashmir was, is and shall forever remain an integral part of the country. It also advised Pakistan to accept the reality and stop all anti-India propaganda.India has told Pakistan that it desires normal neighbourly relations with Islamabad in an environment free of terror, hostility and violence.Prime Minister Khan also expressed hope for a peaceful solution to the as he emphasised that military conflicts could never solve problems.I am not a believer in military conflicts. I believe the civilised societies resolve the difference through dialogues and countries that rely on military conflicts have not studied history properly, Mr. Khan said during the interview.Mr. Khan said he was sure that people in Ukraine and Russia were aware of the consequences of an impending conflict.President Putin on Monday signed decrees to of “Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics” as “independent”, escalating the tension in the region and increasing fears of Moscows invasion of Ukraine. He also ordered Russian troops into eastern Ukraine in what the Kremlin called a peacekeeping mission in the Moscow-backed regions.The U.S.-led West has warned Russia that it would face severe consequences for its actions in Ukraine. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000533_A000023	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/entertainment/music/127859947/mark-lanegan-singer-of-screaming-trees-and-queens-of-the-stone-age-member-dies	NZL	SuppliedMark Lanegan of band Screaming Trees has died.Mark Lanegan, the singer of rock band Screaming Trees and a member of Queens of the Stone Age, has died. Lanegan was 57. In a post to his Twitter account, it was announced he’d died in Ireland. Our beloved friend Mark Lanegan passed away this morning at his home in Killarney, Ireland. READ MORE: * * * A beloved singer, songwriter, author and musician he was 57 and is survived by his wife Shelley. No other information is available at this time. The family asks everyone to respect their privacy at this time. A cause of death was not mentioned, but Variety reported that “last year he was said to be suffering from Covid-19 and kidney disease.” The Guardian said he’d spent most of 2021 in a coma after surviving Covid-19. His memoir Devil in a Coma detailed his near-death experience, which included a Covid-induced fall that cracked ribs and a hospital stay. “More and more this was reminiscent of an unending stretch in county jail that I couldn’t shake, with my trial date being intentionally undetermined, constantly moved around just to keep me inside,” he wrote in an excerpt published in the Guardian. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000533_A000024	www.nzherald.co.nz	https://www.nzherald.co.nz/entertainment/michael-buble-reveals-he-is-expecting-fourth-baby-with-luisana-lopilato-in-new-music-video/RWG4SMLQAYSZHZQSHL5EYYTXKY/	NZL	22 Feb, 2022 07:19 PM2 minutes to readThe singer and his wife are expecting their fourth child together. Photo / @michaelbubleMichael Bublé and his wife Luisana Lopilato have another baby on the way.The Grammy-winning artist, 46, and Lopilato, 34, have revealed they are expecting their fourth baby together in Bublés new music video for Ill Never Not Love You, reports People.In the music video, Bublé and his wife re-enacted some of the most iconic scenes from romantic movies, from Love Actually to Titanic and The Notebook.And at the end of the video, Bublé lands back in reality and joins his wife, who reveals her baby bump, and his three kids.The couple are already parents to sons Noah, 8, and Elias, 6, and daughter Vida, 3.Last month, Bublé told People the music video was a very cool family affair.It was the most fun hed ever had making a video, he said, despite three intense days of filming on 11 different sets.Ill Never Not Love You is the follow-up to the video for his 2009 hit song Havent Met You Yet, which also starred his wife.Bublé said hed found the idea of balancing his roles as both a dad and a full-time artist to be non-existent.You know that one will always be hurt by the other, he said. In my case, I will never allow my job to interfere with being a father and a husband — thats gotta be first, and everything else is a bonus.I think I have a lot of integrity in whatever I do work-wise, but that integrity is there because my family keeps me grounded, he added.The couples pregnancy news was first reported by TMZ. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000533_A000034	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/22/22945801/china-change-5-t1-rocket-debris-moon-collision-update	NZL	China claims that a piece of distant space debris that’s about to slam into the Moon does not stem from one of the nation’s lunar missions, as astronomers tracking the object believe. However, it’s possible that China may have mixed up which mission the debris originally came from, as most evidence points to it being an old Chinese rocket. This doomed space object has received quite a lot of attention over the last few weeks, ever since an astronomer and space tracker by the name of Bill Gray first predicted that it would slam into the Moon on March 4th after years of orbiting the Earth. At first, that launched a satellite for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration back in 2015. But after some follow-up analysis, Gray claimed that he was mistaken and that the debris was from 2014, which tested out technology needed to bring samples back from the Moon. This doomed space object has received quite a lot of attention Gray’s conclusion that the object is a Chinese rocket has been backed up by analysis from and . But China is now officially weighing in on the matter and is potentially disputing American astronomers’ claims. “According to China’s monitoring, the upper stage of the Chang’e-5 mission rocket has fallen through the Earth’s atmosphere in a safe manner and burnt up completely,” Wang Wenbin, a spokesperson for China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, . The statement was . Notably, Wang said that the rocket from the Chang’e-5 mission burned up in Earth’s atmosphere, according to a transcript of the conference. But Gray and others are claiming that the rocket is from the Chang’e 5-T1 mission, which is a separate flight altogether. Chang’e 5-T1 was a precursor mission to Chang’e-5, which did not launch until 2020. The booster from that mission did actually fall back to Earth and burn up in the atmosphere, . As for the booster from Chang’e 5-T1, Space News notes that the Space Force’s 18th Space Control Squadron — responsible for tracking space debris — says on its tracking website that it burned up in Earth’s atmosphere in October of 2015. But Gray has an explanation for that discrepancy, too. Apparently, the 18SPCS only provided one update on the rocket’s trajectory shortly after the mission launched and then never again. That means the “conclusion” that the rocket burned up is likely a prediction based on that one update, Gray says. “If that’s all they had to work with, then the re-entry date is a prediction a year ahead of time and is not particularly meaningful. (Sort of like trying to predict weather a year ahead of time),” Gray writes in his blog post. The Verge reached out to US Space Command, which maintains the massive catalog of tracked space debris around Earth but did not receive a response in time for publication. We’ll update if we hear back. “It would be really surprising if there were two objects as large as the one we’re tracking.” Gray says he did briefly wonder if there was maybe some other massive object that went up with the Chang’e 5-T1 mission, and that second object is causing all of this fuss now. Such a mysterious second object isn’t cataloged, though. He also says that after asking around, it seems unlikely that another object could explain what they’re seeing. “It would be really surprising if there were two objects as large as the one we’re tracking and the upper stage [of the Chinese rocket],” Gray tells The Verge. “So anybody who says that this is not the upper stage has a pretty good-sized mountain of evidence at this point to overcome.” So, all signs seem to point to the rocket coming from China. For Gray, what all of this confusion shows is that better tracking of deep space junk is very much needed. Official tracking entities like the 18SPCS are really more focused on tracking debris in lower orbits around Earth, as they post a significant risk to satellites and other assets we rely on every day. When it comes to objects like this that were launched into deep space and have spent years in highly elongated orbits around Earth, no official agency is really keeping a look out. Gray argues that entities launching objects like this should make their rockets’ positioning data publicly available and that someone — or some (probably international) agency — should maintain all of that info. And above all, some care should be given to how these objects are discarded. “Many more spacecraft are now going into high orbits, and some of them will be taking crews to the Moon,” Gray writes. “Such junk will no longer be merely an annoyance to a small group of astronomers. A few fairly simple steps would help quite a bit.” As for this object, no matter where it came from, one thing is still certain: it’s going to be dust on March 4th when it slams into the Moon. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000536_A000022	www.macrumors.com	https://www.macrumors.com/2022/02/22/ios-15-4-new-siri-voice/	NAM	In iOS 15.4, Apple has introduced a fifth American voice, which can be selected from the Settings app by going to <U+200C>Siri<U+200C> & Search and then selecting <U+200C>Siri<U+200C> Voice. The new voice is the fifth option, which joins the original four American <U+200C>Siri<U+200C> voices. The American voice is the only new voice that was added today for users in the United States, and there appear to have been no other updates to <U+200C>Siri<U+200C>s voice options. Those running the latest iOS 15.4 developer beta can listen to the new voice, which is distinct from prior voice selections. Todays beta update the anti-stalking changes that Apple announced earlier this month. Related StoriesApple today announced its Voice Control accessibility function has been expanded in iOS 14.5, gaining English support in Australia and Canada and adding support for Spanish in Mexico, Spain, and the United States. First introduced in iOS 13 and macOS Catalina, Voice Control allows users to navigate and interact with their iPhone, iPad, or Mac using voice commands to tap, swipe, type, and...The second beta of iOS 15.4 addresses an iOS 15 bug that was allowing the iPhone to upload some Siri recordings to Apple even when users had previously opted out of doing so, Apple said in a statement to ZDNet. Recordings were mistakenly kept for some users who disabled the option to share their Siri voice interactions or dictation with Apple for the purpose of improving the voice assistant. ...Alongside iOS 15.2, Apple today released a new 15.2 software update for the HomePod and the HomePod mini. The HomePod 15.2 software adds support for the $4.99 per month Apple Music Voice Plan, a Siri-based option for listening to Apple Music on HomePod and other devices.Software version 15.2 includes support for Apple Music Voice Plan, a new subscription tier designed to access music using...Apple today seeded the fifth betas of upcoming iOS 15.4 and iPadOS 15.4 updates to developers for testing purposes, with the new software coming one week after Apple seeded the fourth betas of iOS 15.4 and iPadOS 15.4. Developers can download iOS 15.4 and iPadOS 15.4 through the Apple Developer Center or over the air after the proper profile has been installed on an iPhone or iPad. iOS...Today marks the 10th anniversary of Apples marketing chief Phil Schiller and former iOS chief Scott Forstall introducing the iPhone 4S with an all-new voice assistant, Siri. For decades, technologists have teased us with this dream that youre going to be able to talk to technology and itll do things for us, said Schiller, at a small press conference at Apples former Infinite Loop...Apple today revealed a new subscription tier for Apple Music, called the Voice Plan and priced at $4.99/month. This plan has been designed around the power of Siri and offers subscribers access to the services catalog of 90 million songs only through Siri, hence the name. This means that users on this tier can only access and play songs, playlists, and albums in Apple Music through their...If you ask Siri how old you are, there is a decent chance that the voice assistant will get your age wrong if your birthday has yet to pass this year. For example, while my birthday is in April and I am still 27 years old for a few more months, Siri tells me that I am already 28 when asked. As noted by the Dutch blog iCulture, the discrepancy likely relates to Siri miscalculating birthdays...Apple today provided the release candidate version of iOS 15.2 to developers for testing purposes, and in the release notes, Apple says that the new Apple Music Voice Plan is set to launch alongside the update. Introduced in October, the Voice Plan is a new tier for Apple Music that is priced more affordably than a standard Apple Music plan. Its $4.99 instead of $9.99, and is designed...Popular StoriesWith the chances of Apple revealing its mixed reality headset at WWDC 2022 looking decidedly less likely as its developer conference creeps nearer, rumors of Apples new-look MacBook Air have once again come to the fore. Heres everything we expect to see if Apple chooses to announce a new version of its slimmest notebook next week. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. R...Apple is planning to add the first-generation iPad Pro to its vintage products list at the end of June, the company announced this week in an internal memo distributed to Apple Stores and Apple Authorized Service Providers. A product becomes vintage after more than five years have passed since Apple last distributed the product for sale. Vintage products were previously ineligible for...The 33rd annual Worldwide Developers Conference is set to begin with a keynote next Monday, and the event is now featured on Apples dedicated Events website. As with many Apple events, if you visit the page on an iPhone or iPad, you can see an interactive augmented reality easter egg. For WWDC 2022, Apple has created a package of trading cards that you can view in augmented reality. Once...Apples HomePod may make an unexpected return later this year, according to reputable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Kuo recently said that Apple is planning to release a new version of the HomePod. He warned that there may not be much innovation in hardware design with the new HomePod and Apple is still figuring out how to succeed in this market. The news is fairly unexpected given...The iPhone 14 Pros A16 chip may be a minor upgrade over the iPhone 13s A15 Bionic and there are growing questions around the nature of the M2 chip, according to reputable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Earlier this week, the leaker known as ShrimpApplePro postulated that the A16 chip for the iPhone 14 Pro models will be manufactured with the same process as the iPhone 13s A15 Bionic,...Apple may unveil new Mac hardware at WWDC this year, with the redesigned MacBook Air being the most likely potential hardware announcement, according to Bloombergs Mark Gurman. In todays Power On newsletter, Gurman explained his expectations for potential Apple hardware announcements at this years Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). Signs of realityOS, the long-rumored... 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000547_A000011	www.herald.co.zw	https://www.herald.co.zw/deke-elected-southern-africa-judo-confed-president/	ZWE	The Herald Ellina Mhlanga Senior Sports Reporter JUDO Association of Zimbabwe president Smart Deke is the new president for Southern Africa Judo Confederation. Deke was elected to lead the Region last Friday during the region’s congress held virtually. He takes over from Alfred Foloko from Zambia. He will be deputised by Nilton Mujovo of Mozambique. Ngun’i Mabvuto of Zambia is the secretary and Eswatini’s Kim Thobile comes in as the treasurer. Osborne Banda from Malawi is the technical director. Deke said the new executive is going to work towards developing and growing the sport in the region. “We are looking at the development of judo in the region as a whole and build up a strong team that will compete with the rest of Africa and the world. “Our Region is lagging behind in many sports due to lack of more regional competition and strategic plan. We are going to focus on judo in schools programme, cadets and youth in preparation for future major events,” said Deke. The term of office is four years. 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000547_A000032	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220222135148.htm	ZWE	Our spatial sense doesnt extend beyond the familiar three dimensions, but that doesnt stop scientists from playing with whatever lies beyond. Rice University physicists are pushing spatial boundaries in new experiments. Theyve learned to control electrons in gigantic Rydberg atoms with such precision they can create synthetic dimensions, important tools for quantum simulations. The Rice team developed a technique to engineer the Rydberg states of ultracold strontium atoms by applying resonant microwave electric fields to couple many states together. A Rydberg state occurs when one electron in the atom is energetically bumped up to a highly excited state, supersizing its orbit to make the atom thousands of times larger than normal. Ultracold Rydberg atoms are about a millionth of a degree above absolute zero. By precisely and flexibly manipulating the electron motion, Rice Quantum Initiative researchers coupled latticelike Rydberg levels in ways that simulate aspects of real materials. The techniques could also help realize systems that cant be achieved in real three-dimensional space, creating a powerful new platform for quantum research. Rice physicists Tom Killian, Barry Dunning and Kaden Hazzard, all members of the initiative, detailed the research along with lead author and graduate student Soumya Kanungo in a paper published in Nature Communications. The study built off previous work on Rydberg atoms that Killian and Dunning first explored in 2018. Rydberg atoms possess many regularly spaced quantum energy levels, which can be coupled by microwaves that allow the highly excited electron to move from level to level. Dynamics in this synthetic dimension are mathematically equivalent to a particle moving between lattice sites in a real crystal. In a typical high school physics experiment, one can see light emission lines from atoms that correspond to transitions from one energy level to another, said Hazzard, an associate professor of physics and astronomy who established the theoretical basis for the study in several previous papers. One can even see this with a very primitive spectrometer: a prism! What is new here is that we think of each level as a location in space, he said. By sending in different wavelengths of light, we can couple levels. We can make the levels look like particles that just move around between locations in space. Thats hard to do with light -- or nanometer-wavelength electromagnetic radiation -- but were working with millimeter wavelengths, which makes it technically much easier to generate couplings, Hazzard said. We can set up the interactions, the way particles move and capture all the important physics of a much more complicated system, said Killian, a Rice professor of physics and astronomy and dean of the Wiess School of Natural Sciences. The really exciting thing will be when we bring multiple Rydberg atoms together to create interacting particles in this synthetic space, he said. With this, well be able to do physics that we cant simulate on a classic computer because it gets complicated very quickly. The researchers demonstrated their techniques by realizing a 1D lattice known as a Su-Schrieffer-Heeger system. To make it, they used lasers to cool strontium atoms and applied microwaves with alternating weak and strong couplings to create the proper synthetic landscape. A second set of lasers was used to excite atoms to the manifold of coupled, high-lying Rydberg states. The experiment revealed how particles move through the 1D lattice or, in some cases, are frozen at the edges even though they have enough energy to move, Killian said. This relates to material properties that can be described in terms of topology. It is much easier to have control over coupling amplitudes when using millimeter waves to couple Rydberg atomic states, Kanungo said. When we achieve that 1D lattice, with all the couplings in place, we can try to see what dynamics would result from exciting a Rydberg electron into that synthetic space. Using a quantum simulator is kind of like using a wind tunnel to isolate the small but important effects that you care about among the more complicated aerodynamics of a car or airplane, Killian said. This becomes important when the system is governed by quantum mechanics, where as soon as you get more than a couple of particles and a few degrees of freedom, it becomes complicated to describe whats going on. Quantum simulators are one of the low-hanging fruits that people think will be early, useful tools to come out of investments in quantum information science, he said, noting that this experiment combined techniques that are now fairly standard in labs that study atomic physics. All the technologies are well-established, he said. You could even conceive of this becoming almost a black box experiment that people could use, because the individual pieces are very robust. Co-authors of the paper are postdoctoral researcher Joseph Whalen and graduate students Yi Lu and Sohail Dasgupta of Rice, and graduate student Ming Yuan of Rice and the University of Chicago. Dunning is the Sam and Helen Worden Professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy. The Air Force Office of Scientific Research (FA9550-17-1-0366), the National Science Foundation (1904294, 1848304) and the Robert A. Welch Foundation (C-0734, C-1844, C-1872) supported the research. 
20220221_173939_zwe_C000547_A000037	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220222/Widely-utilized-SARS-CoV-2-rapid-antigen-detection-tests-continue-to-perform-as-expected-despite-Omicron-mutations.aspx	ZWE	A recent study posted to the * preprint server evaluated the performance of three at-home coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) rapid tests commonly used in the United States (US) against the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) Omicron variant. Study: . Image Credit: Sergio Hayashi/Shutterstock SARS-CoV-2 rapid antigen detection tests (RADTs) are now widely used in the US as they can be self-administered, involves no or little equipment, and deliver results within 15 minutes. Moreover, since these tests can be used at the point of treatment with the beginning of SARS-CoV-2 symptoms or before gatherings, RADTs serve a vital role in relaxing the stringent COVID-19 associated restrictions in society. However, these tests must be reassessed regularly to ensure that test performance does not deteriorate as the virus undergoes mutations. Most of the RADTs target the SARS-CoV-2 nucleoprotein (N) protein, and the Omicron variant possesses multiple previously unidentified N protein mutations. However, the impact of the Omicrons mutations on the efficiency of the RADTs remains unclear. About the study In the present study, the researchers assessed the influence of mutations in Omicron on the efficiency of the three widely used over the counter (OTC) at-home COVID-19 rapid antigen testing kits: 1) iHealth COVID-19 Antigen Rapid Test, 2) ACON Laboratories FlowFlex COVID-19 Antigen Home Test, and 3) Abbott BinaxNOW COVID-19 Antigen Card. The scientists evaluated the performance of the three SARS-CoV-2 RADTs on 30 Omicron and Delta variant samples, respectively, with a broad range of viral loads, and the Delta sample set served as a comparator for the study. Except for nine Delta samples collected between August and November 2021, the researchers procured 30 samples positive for the Omicron and the Delta variants from patients seeking medical care at the Massachusetts General Hospital between November 30 and December 27, 2021. The samples were obtained from the anterior nares of the patients and analyzed using the Roche cobas SARS-CoV-2 reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay. Further, the SARS-CoV-2 variant was identified through the TaqPath COVID-19 Combo Kit. Study findings The results indicate that all three RADTs evaluated had similar analytic sensitivity for detecting the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant compared to the Delta variant. However, there were variances in performance between the three assays. Across an overlap of eight PCR cycles, the Abbott BinaxNOW COVID-19 RADT exhibited SARS-CoV-2 positive and negative results, equivalent to a 256-times variation in the quantity of virus contained in a sample, assuming a 100% reaction efficiency. In contrast, the range of overlap for the FlowFlex RADT was restricted to three PCR cycles, which represents an eight-times variation in SARS-CoV-2 concentration in a sample. None of the RADTs detected samples with a cycle threshold (Ct) value of 27.5 or more for the SARS-CoV-2 envelope (E) gene target demonstrated by the Roche cobas RT-PCR assay. The SARS-CoV-2 variant type did not predict the chances of test positivity after controlling for RADTs and Ct values in the multivariate analyses. Nonetheless, the Abbott BinaxNOW COVID-19 Antigen Card demonstrated an 89% lower chance of being positive for Omicron samples versus the iHealth COVID-19 RADT. Further, no statistically relevant variations in the odds of being positive were observed among the FlowFlex and the iHealth COVID-19 RADTs. Conclusions The study findings show despite the additional number of mutations in the Omicron N, the three commonly used RADTs targeting SARS-CoV-2 N protein for self-testing of COVID-19 in the US remained efficient in detecting the variant. Although the analytic sensitivity of RADTs did not change across Omicron and Delta variant containing samples, there were variances in performance based on assay type. Nevertheless, given the limited sample size of the current study, these findings should be construed with caution and should be investigated in future studies. Further, the team reported an insignificant trend of lower detection of the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant with the Abbott BinaxNOW COVID-19 RADT, which they had also observed in a previous investigation employing a different sample set. According to the authors, this is the first study independently evaluating the performance of the iHealth COVID-19 test against the Omicron variant. Although non-significant, higher sensitivity and better differentiation among SARS-CoV-2-positive and negative results were demonstrated by the iHealth COVID-19 test compared to the FlowFlex RADT. Since the rationale for the overlap of viral loads in the Abbott BinaxNOW and FlowFlex COVID-19 RADTs was unknown, further investigations are required to determine if these variations are replicable in other settings. Overall, the study establishes a baseline for COVID-19 RADTs comparison with the future SARS-CoV-2 variants and offers some assurance that the at-home COVID-19 testing would function as predicted compared to previous waves of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. *Important notice medRxiv publishes preliminary scientific reports that are not peer-reviewed and, therefore, should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or treated as established information. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000551_A000025	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/bappi-lahiris-son-bappa-finally-speaks-up-dads-voice-is-echoing-in-our-house-exclusive/articleshow/89755649.cms	IND	passed away on February 15. The world of music lost a legendary gem. We at had interviewed him last year, an interview which we published for the FIRST time on February 16 evening. Now, we bring you his son s conversation with us, which is FIRST and EXCLUSIVE after Bappidas demise. Excerpts: I dont know where to start and what to say but I had interviewed your legendary father last year. It was an honour talking to him... Yes, I know about that interview. I was here in India almost throughout 2021. Dad was unwell but he was recovering, he had even started working- going for TV shows, doing jingles, we also did a song. I went back to Los Angeles on December 3. We had spent every family members birthday in 2021 and done every puja together, including Ganpati and Durga puja. I was waiting for him to come to Los Angeles. We also reproduce Bappidas interview that we had carried on February 16. VIDEO Had he said that hell be coming? Yes. How did it all suddenly start going downhill? I really dont know. He was in the hospital for a large part of last month. But every time I called him, he said hes getting better. On Monday (February 14) he said he wants to go home; he kept saying ghar chalo ghar chalo. And then? Next day, he was not eating. Things werent looking nice since that evening (February 15). Mom told him theek hai baad mein thoda kha lena. We had two nurses. He started feeling very drowsy. We called the doctor. Was it a breathing issue due to OSA (Obstructive Sleep Apnea) again? No, it wasnt a breathing issue. I think his heart just stopped. My sister, brother-in-law and mother rushed him to the hospital. The doctor had been called and he said that he needs to be taken to the hospital. They reached the hospital but he couldnt be revived. I was on the phone all the time. We had spoken to Dr , Senior Pulmonary Surgeon who was treating Bappida. Click on the link below to read that: Will you be going back? I have to figure that out, but no. I want to be with my mother. She has lived her entire life for my Dad. I still cant believe that he is not around. I was his arranger. I used to do shows with him. There are so many memories. The love we are getting from everyone is unbelievable, my Dad was not just a musician or singer, he connected with everyone- right from a porter to a rickshawallah to every single soul. We want to carry his legacy forward. He followed all the puja traditions. My Dad still fasted on certain days. He was a Godly person. Did he wear gold at home too? Well, he definitely wore it each time we went out. I remember my friends ragging me in school, saying that your father dresses so flashily and wears sunglasses even in daylight. I used to ask him why he needs sunglasses at 6 am. But if he was out, he always wanted to be tip-top. He chose his own clothes. He chose his own colours. I used to ask him why he goes to award ceremonies. Ghar par awards rakhne ki jagah nahi bachi hai aur aap award functions mein abhi bhi jaate ho. He used to say no, I will go, somebody has called me earnestly and I should not disappoint him. Did he listen to music in hospital? Oh, yes. And he used to tap at the table near his bed as the songs rolled along. One day, he started singing loudly in the hospital. Mom said kya kar rahe ho?. Please continue... Dad was affected by Lata jis demise. He used to call her Maa. She had helped him a lot. I am not able to digest that he is still not here. I cant believe it. A young boy came from Calcutta and made an empire solely on his own, no producer was constantly backing him, no camps, nothing. His contribution in the careers of so many successful actors is immense. There are songs of his which people sing and dance to, but they dont know which movie it is- such was his impact. Saare ghar mein unki awaaz goonjti thi. Its still echoing in my ears. Did you try to sing like him? Yes, but he was one of a kind. We can only say and do whatever we want, but I dont think my Dad is replaceable. Till date, there are no parties where his songs dont reverberate. He is called , but hear his emotional songs! My Dad never bothered who said what about him or who wrote what about him. If I reminded him, he used to say let it be. At this point of time, I really dont know what more to say. 
20220221_173939_nga_C000565_A000002	www.premiumtimesng.com	https://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/headlines/513126-why-apc-governors-were-divided-over-national-convention-el-rufai.html	NGA	The Governor of Kaduna State, on Tuesday explained why the governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) were divided over the timing of the National Convention of the ruling party. Mr El-Rufai stated this after the governors under the Progressives Governors Forum met President Muhammadu Buhari to brief him on pending issues before the convention. The event had been scheduled for this Saturday until the party’s Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) on Monday announced the postponement to March 26. The committee released a new timetable and schedule of activities for the National Convention and Zonal Congresses in its statement on Monday. According to the new timetable, activities for the national convention will begin on February 24, with the publication of committees for the zonal congresses. The sale of forms to aspirants for elective offices will begin on Wednesday, March 9 and end on Friday, March 11. Meeting with Buhari Following the meeting with the President on Tuesday, Mr El-rufai acknowledged that the planned convention divided the APC governors. “Yes, we were divided. We were divided over the timing of the convention. Okay, there were some governors that felt that we should put off the convention until we resolve all the congresses’ issues in some states. As you know, there are issues in some states. So some governors held the view that we should wait until all this is (these are) resolved,” he told State House correspondents. But the governor said the disagreement was “not borne out of any agenda or selfishness.” “It is just a realistic proposition to avoid us violating any laws or putting our party structures of elected candidates in danger. “So yes, there was (were) differences in opinion about timing. Some of us are saying the Constitution allows us to have convention even if three or four states have issues that are unresolved, while others are saying no, let us finish all the reconciliations and we do this convention. APC governors at the State House, Abuja [PHOTO CREDIT: @BashirAhmaad]“After all, there is no time limit for the convention as long as we do it before the time for the primaries. So that was the difference. This is what the media has called divided governors. ‘In a democratic setting, there is no way you can have 22 governors plus the deputy governor of Anambra State agreeing on any issue. We can have differences. “But after our meeting of last night, to deliberate on the proposal by the national caretaker committee, and our briefing with Mr. President today, we’re all on the same page. “We have agreed on a zoning formula for all the six geopolitical zones and essentially, we swapped, northern zones will take positions that southern zones had in the last eight years and vice versa. So very simple, equitable and fair formula. “We will now go back and consult at the zonal level, and look at the positions that are available and the process of the convention preparation will start in earnest. So by the grace of God on the 26th of March, we will have done a National Convention. “Whether (we) do zonal convention before that, or do it at the same time, again, the constitution is silent. So as our chairman said, we can decide either way,” the Kaduna governor said. WATCH: Governor Yahaya Bellos Roadmap to Hope 2023 VIDEO Support PREMIUM TIMES journalism of integrity and credibility Good journalism costs a lot of money. Yet only good journalism can ensure the possibility of a good society, an accountable democracy, and a transparent government. For continued free access to the best investigative journalism in the country we ask you to consider making a modest support to this noble endeavour. By contributing to PREMIUM TIMES, you are helping to sustain a journalism of relevance and ensuring it remains free and available to all. TEXT AD: 
20220221_173939_nga_C000565_A000030	www.skysports.com	https://www.skysports.com/football/news/11095/12549042/manchester-united-one-of-the-best-teams-in-world-football-says-atletico-madrid-boss-diego-simeone	NGA	Diego Simeone believes Manchester United are one of the best teams in the world right now, with the Atletico Madrid manager saying it is difficult to find weaknesses in Ralf Rangnicks side.United are in the Spanish capital for the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie against the reigning La Liga champions at the Wanda Metropolitano. Atletico are long since out of the domestic title race like visitors United, who brought in Rangnick as interim manager following Ole Gunnar Solskjaers exit in November. United are a work in progress, but Simeone has been impressed by them.Were facing one of the best teams in the world in the last 14 games, if Im not mistaken, Simeone said. Theyve just lost one. With the new manager, Ralf Rangnick, its given the team solidity, teamwork, commitment.We can see what Manchester United was always like. Theyve evolved since the new manager arrived, theyre already fourth in the league. Its an intense, dynamic team, very brave, with very good forwards, very good footballers overall and who try to make a huge effort to try and unite the huge talents they have in 11 players. Its going to be a very difficult game, as every Champions League game is. But we have a lot of anticipation to play in our stadium in front of our fans and were lucky to play the last 16 at home because we couldnt play that, we couldnt do that last year. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick says the Champions League is not a distraction and is high on his list of priorities this season. Atletico were hit on the eve of the game by news captain Koke will miss the first leg against a side that Simeone talked up during the pre-match press conference.The team is much more compact, its stronger, the Argentinian said. They have a solidity at the back, theyre a very physical team with the central defenders and the midfield theyve got.They are really strong and its really, really difficult to find vulnerabilities there.I always assess the virtues of our rival, but of course we will try to find a way to try and hurt them, try and find our way to the goal, if you like.Fred finds interim manager role a bit strange Image: Fred finds Man Utds decision not to appoint a permanent manager a little bit strange Fred has expressed concerns about Manchester Uniteds long-term planning, admitting it is a bit strange to be under an interim manager for the rest of the season.Rangnick was handed the reins for the remainder of the 2021/22 campaign following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with the German moving into a two-year consultancy role with the club at the end of the season.It is a bit strange, the midfielder told TNT Sports Brazil. I know in football its important to get good results as soon as possible, but its also important to have a long-term plan.I think its a little bit bad for us not to have one, at the moment its all about the short-term goals. We dont know how its going to be after the end of this season.Freds comments come as United face up to the prospect of another trophyless season unless they upset the odds and go all the way in the Champions League.Asked if it is crazy to picture United winning this Champions League this year, Fred said: I dont think so. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player In a thrilling game at Elland Road, substitute Fred scored the all-important third goal for Man Utd in their 4-2 win. I know were not playing our best football, but we have a lot of quality names in our squad. I see many other teams playing far off from their best as well.[To win it] wouldnt be crazy, it could happen, but we have to work our socks off because were far away from being one of the favourites in this competition.He added: Every player that comes to this club wants to win titles. We want trophies but its been a long drought.With all due respect to Villarreal, it was our job to win that Europa League final and we failed. Its about having better football planning at the club.If you dont want to win titles you dont deserve to play for Manchester United. Were still in the Champions League but lets see if we arrive better on next season to find our peak football.Bruno Fernandes believes Manchester United have more identity under interim boss Rangnick and insists stories of dressing-room unrest are nonsense. in November and has overseen a recovery in the Premier League, with only Manchester City picking up more than the 25 points United have gained from 12 games under the German. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes has dismissed talk of dressing room disharmony at the club, insisting the players are united. We have to follow what the manager and staff think is the best way for us. Here at this club I have never heard anyone complain about the tactics and I hope no one would do, Fernandes said.That doesnt respect the coachs ideas because I think we have been doing so well since he arrived. We have more identity as a team.He added: I dont know what people mean by [these stories] honestly. I was doing an interview and they asked me about Jadon (Sancho) doing my celebration. I dont think that is something that is going in different ways.I saw the goal of [Maguire] and Im seeing Paul (Pogba) behind him sliding on his knees. I was slapping [Maguires] head and saying how can you score with that big head?So, I think honestly its just people trying to complain and make up stories about this club, because we know when someone talks about us they go around the world with their voice and thats something they want.For us, it means nothing. We stick to the plan and we stick together. Thats the main thing - sticking together and winning together.Round of 16First-leg fixturesTuesday February 15Wednesday February 16Tuesday February 22Wednesday February 23Second-leg fixturesTuesday March 8Wednesday March 9Tuesday March 15Wednesday March 16Quarter-finalsDraw scheduled to take place on Friday March 18.First legs scheduled to be played on Tuesday April 5 and Wednesday April 6; Second legs on Tuesday April 12 and Wednesday April 13.Semi-finalsDraw scheduled to take place on Friday March 18.First legs scheduled to be played on Tuesday April 26 and Wednesday April 27; Second legs on Tuesday May 3 and Wednesday May 4.FinalScheduled to be played on Saturday May 28 at Krestovsky Stadium, Saint Petersburg. 
20220221_173939_can_C000567_A000001	nationalpost.com	https://nationalpost.com/news/world/live-updates-blasts-heard-in-center-of-separatist-held-city-in-eastern-ukraine	CAN	Breadcrumb Trail Links Russian President Putin ordered the deployment of peacekeeping troops following the recognition of two Moscow-backed separatist regions in eastern Ukraine Publishing date: Feb 22, 2022 • February 23, 2022 • 10 minute read • U.S. President Joe Biden delivers remarks on Russia-Ukraine situation from the White House in Washington Photo by Kevin Lamarque /Reuters Article content Russian President Vladimir Putin officially recognized the independence of two Moscow-backed separatist regions in eastern Ukraine — the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic — on Monday. Putin ordered the deployment of ‘peacekeeping’ troops following the announcement, accelerating a crisis the West fears could unleash a major war. , Ukraine announced it will introduce a nationwide state of emergency in which special restrictions will apply in order to keep the country calm and protect its economy amid fears of a Russian invasion. Advertisement 2 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content February 22 6:00 p.m. in response to what Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called a “further invasion of a sovereign state” Tuesday. Foreign Affairs Minister Mélanie Joly said Putin’s actions are a “clear violation” of previous international agreements, the “UN Charter and the world order that has protected global security for decades.” “We are at the most dangerous moment for world stability in a generation,” she said. Trudeau said Canada would ban Canadians “from all financial dealings” with the two breakaway regions in Ukraine, and from purchasing “Russian sovereign debt.” Canada will also sanction “members of the Russian parliament who voted for the illegal decision to recognize these so-called republics,” and impose additional sanctions on two “state-backed Russian banks and prevent any financial dealings with them.” Advertisement 3 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Trudeau also said Canada has authorized the deployment of up to 460 members of the Canadian Armed Forces to NATO’s Operation Reassurance. 5:50 p.m. A possible meeting between U.S. President Joe Biden and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin is “certainly” not an option at the moment, the White House said. “At this point it certainly is not in the plans,” said White House spokesperson Jen Psaki, who added that a de-escalation of conflict with Ukraine would be needed for such a summit. 2:30 p.m. U.S. President Joe Biden announced the first wave of sanctions against Russia for what he said was the beginning of an invasion of Ukraine, and vowed steeper punishments ahead if Russia continues its aggression. The sanctions, among others things, target Russian banks and sovereign debt. Advertisement 4 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Biden has also authorized additional movements of US forces and military equipment in Europe to “strengthen” Baltic allies in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, following Putin ordering troops into two separatist regions of Ukraine. “Today, in response to Russia’s admission that it will not withdraw its forces from Belarus, I have authorized additional movements of US forces and equipment, already stationed in Europe to strengthen our Baltic allies: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania,” Biden said. Biden said he wanted to be clear that these are “totally defensive moves on our part.” “We have no intention of fighting Russia. We want to send an unmistakable message though: that the United States together with our allies will defend every inch of NATO territory. And abide by the commitments we made to NATO,” Biden added. Advertisement 5 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content 1:00 p.m. A military convoy of more than 100 trucks with soldiers was seen heading in the direction of the Ukrainian border in Russia’s Belgorod region, a witness told Reuters. 12:30 p.m. Russia says it will evacuate its diplomatic staff from Ukraine. European Union foreign ministers agreed to sanction 27 Russians and entities as well banks, the defence sector and limiting Russian access to European capital markets. All members of Russia’s Duma, parliament’s lower house, will be hit with EU sanctions, which typically involve travel bans and asset freezes. “This package of sanctions that has been approved by unanimity by the member states will hurt Russia, and it will hurt a lot,” EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell told a news conference alongside France’s foreign minister at a meeting in Paris. Advertisement 6 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content 12:00 p.m. The White House began referring to Russian troop deployments in eastern Ukraine as an “invasion” after initially hesitating to use the term — a red line that President Joe Biden has said would result in the U.S. levying severe sanctions against Moscow. “We think this is, yes, the beginning of an invasion, Russia’s latest invasion into Ukraine,” said Jon Finer, principal deputy national security adviser. “An invasion is an invasion and that is what is underway.” The White House decided to begin referring to Russia’s actions as an “invasion” because of the situation on the ground, according to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. The administration resisted initially calling the deployment of troops because the White House wanted to see what Russia was actually going to do. After assessing Russian troop movements, it became clear it was a new invasion, the official added. Advertisement 7 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content A demonstrator holds a placard during an anti-war protest in front of the Russian embassy in Berlin, Germany, February 22, 2022. Photo by Christian Mang /REUTERS 11:23 a.m. Russia’s upper house of parliament unanimously voted on Tuesday to approve a request by President Vladimir Putin to deploy Russia’s armed forces abroad for what it described as a peacekeeping mission in two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine. The decision takes immediate effect, one of the lawmakers said as they discussed the motion. “By approving the use of the armed forces abroad, we assume they will be peacekeeping forces – forces designed to maintain peace and stability in the (self-proclaimed east Ukrainian) republics,” Valentina Matvienko, the upper house’s speaker, said before the vote. 11:00 a.m. President Vladimir Putin asked the upper house of parliament for permission to use Russia’s armed forces abroad, the chamber’s speaker said. Advertisement 8 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content 10:00 a.m. “Welcome to the new world where Europeans would soon have to pay 2,000 euros per 1,000 cubic meters!” said Dmitry Medvedev, Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of Russia and former Russian President, regarding Germany’s halting the certification process for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. 9:48 a.m. Germany halted the Nord Stream 2 Baltic Sea gas pipeline project, designed to double the flow of Russian gas direct to Germany. Germany is Russia’s biggest customer for natural gas, and the decision by Chancellor Olaf Scholz to halt the Nord Stream 2 pipeline — built but still not opened — was widely seen as one of the strongest measures Europe could take. Europe’s most divisive energy project, worth US$11 billion, was finished in September, but has stood idle pending certification by Germany and the European Union. Advertisement 9 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Josep Borrell (L), French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian (2ndL), German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock (2ndR) and Italian Foreign minister Luigi Di Maio (R), take part in a meeting before a phone call with their other G7 counterparts at the Foreign Ministry, in Paris on February 22, 2022. Photo by Michel Euler /POOL/AFP via Getty Images 9:30 a.m. The European Union will decide on what sanctions to impose on Russia “this afternoon,” EU High Representative Joseph Borrell told reporters on Tuesday. “Obviously this response will take the form of sanctions,” Borrell said, “We must act quickly, and that means this afternoon.” “We’ve got to ensure that whatever happens, Russia will feel the pain … to make sure Russia has absolutely no incentive to go further,” Irish EU affairs minister Thomas Byrne said. “I wouldn’t say that this is a fully-fledged invasion but Russian troops are on Ukrainian soil,” he added. Britain imposed sanctions on Gennady Timchenko and two other billionaires with close links to Vladimir Putin after the Russian president ordered troops to two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine. Advertisement 10 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Russia was heading towards “pariah status” and that the world must now brace for the next stage of Putin’s plan, saying that the Kremlin was laying the ground for a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Johnson told parliament that five banks – Rossiya, IS Bank, GenBank, Promsvyazbank and the Black Sea Bank – were being sanctioned, along with three people – Timchenko, and the brothers Igor and Boris Rotenberg. 9:00 a.m. Six blasts could be heard in the center of the separatist-held city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, a Reuters reporter said. The origin of the explosions was not clear, but a diplomatic source told Reuters earlier that shelling had resumed on the line of contact between government and separatist forces in eastern Ukraine. Advertisement 11 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Russia is breaking international law after recognizing two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine, French Prime Minister Jean Catex said, adding that France will back sanctions against Russia in the escalating crisis. Britain will introduce legislation to prevent Russia from issuing sovereign debt on London’s markets if it does not de-escalate tension in Ukraine, the foreign office said in a statement setting out possible future sanctions. “Should Russia not de-escalate, the UK will shortly introduce legislation which will, amongst other steps, prevent Russia from issuing sovereign debt on UK markets,” the statement said. Smoke rises from a power plant after shelling outside the town of Schastia, near the eastern Ukraine city of Lugansk, on February 22, 2022, a day after Russia recognised east Ukraine’s separatist republics and ordered the Russian army to send troops there as “peacekeepers.” Photo by ARIS MESSINIS /AFP via Getty Images 8:20 a.m. Hungary will deploy some troops near its border with Ukraine, partly in preparation for humanitarian tasks, the defence ministry said on the government’s official Facebook page. Advertisement 12 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content “Hungary’s security is the most important, we are reinforcing the Ukraine-Hungary border,” the statement said. 8:15 a.m. Russia should not be allowed to host soccer events such as the Champions League final after Russian President Vladimir Putin recognized two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said. Asked about the Champions League final, which is scheduled to take place in St Petersburg in May, Johnson told lawmakers: “I think it inconceivable that major international football tournaments can take place in Russia after… the invasion of a sovereign country.” Germany could send more troops to Lithuania and other countries on NATO’s eastern flank after Russia formally recognized two regions of Ukraine as independent, Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said. Advertisement 13 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content “I want to underscore that we are ready to send more troops, land and air. We are ready to send more troops also to Lithuania and signal that we are together with partners and we are a trustworthy partner in a crisis,” she said. 5:30 a.m. Russia’s lower house of parliament voted to approve friendship treaties with two self-proclaimed people’s republics in eastern Ukraine, escalating a crisis with Ukraine and the West. The treaties, which enter force once President Vladimir Putin signs them, could pave the way for Moscow to build military bases there, adopt a joint defence posture and tighten economic integration. 4:00 a.m. Oil hit its highest since 2014 as tensions between Russia and Ukraine escalated, adding to supply concerns that are pushing prices to near US$100 a barrel. Advertisement 14 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Syria supports the decision of its ally Russia to recognize two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine, Syrian state TV quoted foreign minister as saying. “Syria supports President Vladimir Putin’s decision to recognize the republics of Luhansk and Donetsk and will cooperate with them,” the state TV quoted Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad as saying during an event in Moscow. 3:00 a.m. A Russian-backed separatist official in eastern Ukraine accused Ukrainian saboteurs of detonating a mine on a road in the breakaway region that killed three civilians, Interfax news agency reported. European shares hit a seven-month low in early trade on Tuesday, as the prospect of economic sanctions against Russia, which has ordered troops into breakaway parts of eastern Ukraine, rattled investors. Advertisement 15 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content The pan-European STOXX 600 index fell 1.7 per cent by 0810 GMT, entering its fourth straight session of losses. The benchmark has shed nearly 10 per cent from its all-time high in early January. 2:00 a.m. China is concerned about the “worsening” situation in Ukraine, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said repeating his call for all parties to show restraint and resolve differences through dialog. UK says the Russian invasion of Ukraine has begun, so Britain will sanction Russia, British Health Secretary Sajid Javid said. 1:00 a.m. Russia’s foreign ministry said on Tuesday that Moscow needed to first ratify its friendship treaties with two breakaway Ukrainian regions before it could discuss matters like the exact borders of the territories, RIA news agency reported. Advertisement 16 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Russia’s energy minister said that Europe would not be able to replace large volumes of Russian natural gas with liquefied natural gas from different countries. February 21 10:30 p.m. Britain, France and Germany also agreed to respond to Russia’s recognition of the breakaway regions with sanctions. Oil jumped to a seven-year high, safe-havens currencies like the yen rallied and U.S. stock futures dived as Europe’s eastern flank stood on the brink of war. The rouble extended its losses as Putin spoke, at one point sliding beyond 80 per dollar. 10:00 p.m. President Biden signed an executive order Monday night blocking trade and investment by Americans in the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic. Advertisement 17 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content The order prohibits “new investment” by Americans, wherever they are located, in the separatist regions. 9:26 p.m. Following the United Nations emergency security council meeting, Washington administration officials said additional measures — including more sanctions — would be announced Tuesday, and emphasized that the newly announced sanctions are different from the much larger ones Biden has been threatening should Putin invade Ukraine. “President Biden will soon issue an Executive Order that will prohibit new investment, trade, and financing by U.S. persons to, from, or in the so-called DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine,” White House press secretary Jen Psaki said. She noted the measures are separate from and would be in addition to the “swift and severe economic measures” the United States has already coordinated with its allies. Advertisement 18 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content 9:00 p.m. The United Nations calls an emergency security council meeting after Russian President Vladimir Putin recognized the independence of two Moscow-backed separatist regions in eastern Ukraine, the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic. President Putin ordered Russian forces onto their territory for “peacekeeping” purposes, a dramatic escalation in a crisis that is threatening a full-scale war. “The Secretary General considers the decision of the Russian Federation to recognize the independence of certain areas of the regions to be a violation of the integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine,” said the Under Secretary General Rosemary DiCarlo. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega became one of the first world leaders to back Russia’s stance over Ukraine on Monday, saying President Vladimir Putin was right to recognize two regions controlled by Moscow-backed separatists as independent. “I am sure that if they do a referendum like the one carried out in Crimea, people will vote to annex the territories to Russia,” said Ortega, a long-time opponent of U.S. influence in Central America. Ortega also said Ukraine’s attempt to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) represented a threat to Russia. With additional reporting from The Washington Post, The Telegraph, Canadian Press and Reuters Share this article in your social network Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. 
20220221_173939_can_C000567_A000021	www.forbes.com	https://www.forbes.com/sites/paultassi/2022/02/22/here-are-the-elden-ring-global-release-times-and-preload-times-for-this-week/	CAN	Elden Ring FromSoftware Elden Ring is nearly upon us, easily one of the most anticipated games of the year, or really, this new burgeoning console generation for many players. The game officially releases this coming Friday, February 25, and now there’s a list of the exact release times and preload times for each region, and timesbetween console and PC, for some reason. Elden Ring Global Release Times: PT PC: Feb 24 - 3:00 PM PT Consoles: Feb 24 - 9:00 PM PT CT PC: Feb 24 - 5:00 PM CT Consoles: Feb 24 - 11:00 PM CT ET PC: Feb 24 - 6:00 PM ET Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time COT PC: Feb 24 - 6:00 PM COT Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time BRT PC: Feb 24 - 8:00 PM BRT Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time GMT PC: Feb 24 - 11:00 PM GMT Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time CET PC: Feb 25 - 12:00 AM CET Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time EET PC: Feb 25 - 01:00 AM EET Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time SAST PC: Feb 25 - 01:00 AM SAST Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time MSK PC: Feb 25 - 02:00 AM MSK Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time AST PC: Feb 25 - 02:00 AM AST Consoles: Feb 25 - 02:00 AM AST GST PC: Feb 25 - 03:00 AM GST Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time UTC+7 PC: Feb 25 - 06:00 AM UTC+7 Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time UTC+8 PC: Feb 25 - 07:00 AM UTC+8 Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time KST PC: Feb 25 - 08:00 AM KST Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time JST PC: Feb 25 - 08:00 AM JST Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time AEDT PC: Feb 25 - 10:00 AM AEDT Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time NZDT PC: Feb 25 - 12:00 PM NZDT Consoles: Feb 25 - Midnight Local Time Elden Ring FromSoftware Elden Ring Preload Times As for preload times, that’s variable. For PC (Steam) and PlayStation, it’s 48 hours before the time window shown above. For Xbox, you can already preload Elden Ring now on the console for whatever reason. So in the US, that should be close to midnight tonight for PlayStation and Steam players wanting to preload. We’ll see how the game performs at launch here, as hopefully it can launch smoothly and without some of the recent technical issues that have plagued the Souls games. More to come. Follow me , and . Subscribe to my free weekly content round-up newsletter, . Pick up my sci-fi novels the and . 
20220221_173939_can_C000567_A000028	www.sportsnet.ca	https://www.sportsnet.ca/golf/article/mickelson-apologizes-comments-saudis-ends-deal-kpmg/	CAN	Phil Mickelson apologized Tuesday for comments about the Saudis and a proposed super league, damaging words he claims were off the record and not meant to be shared publicly. It was reckless, I offended people, and I am deeply sorry for my choice of words, he said. The same time as Mickelsons statement, KPMG became the first of his corporate sponsors to announce an immediate end to their partnership, a decision KPMG said was mutual. We wish him the best, KPMG said in a statement. Mickelson said of his comments to author and golf writer Alan Shipnuck, Im beyond disappointed and will make every effort to self-reflect and learn from this. In explosive remarks, Mickelson told Shipnuck the Saudis behind a proposed breakaway rival league were scary mother (expletive)s to get involved with. He also told Shipnuck, who is writing a biography on Mickelson due out in May, that it was worth getting in bed with the Saudis, despite their history of human rights abuses, if it meant a chance to change the PGA Tour. We know they killed (Washington Post columnist Jamal) Khashoggi and have a horrible record on human rights. They execute people over there for being gay, he said. Knowing all of this, why would I even consider it? Because this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates. The interview took place last November. Mickelson said he has always put the interests of golf first, although it doesnt look this way now given my recent comments. There is the problem of off record comments being shared out of context and without my consent, he said. But the bigger issue is that I used words I sincerely regret that do not reflect my true feelings or intentions. Shipnuck wrote on The Fire Pit Collective, where he published Mickelsons comments last week, that not once did he say our conversation was off-the-record or on background or just between us or anything remotely like that. He simply opened a vein. Shipnuck, who previously wrote for Sports Illustrated, tweeted Tuesday that Mickelsons claims he spoke off the record were completely false. Mickelson also apologized to LIV Golf Investments, the group run by Greg Norman and financed mainly by the Saudi Arabia sovereign wealth fund chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. But he made no mention of the PGA Tour or its commissioner Jay Monahan, which he referred to as a dictatorship in the Shipnuck interview. Mickelson also said he and three top players had paid attorneys to write the operating agreement of a rival league. Mickelsons comments would appear to fall under the tour policy of public remarks that unreasonably attack or disparage groups such as the tour. Mickelson, who last year became the oldest major champion in history when he won the PGA Championship at age 50, said he has felt pressure and stress affecting him at a deeper level over the last 10 years and he needs time away. But he did not say if he would be taking a break from golf. He has not played since the Saudi International on Feb. 6. He is not playing this week. His statement concluded, I know I have not been my best and desperately need some time away to prioritize the ones I love most and work on being the man I want to be. Mickelson said he would not want to compromise his corporate partners and he has given them the option of pausing or ending their relationships with him. At the heart of his statement was his claim that he has acted in the best interest of golf, the players, sponsors and the fans, although it doesnt look this way now given my recent comments. He also said he needs to be accountable despite my belief that some changes have already been made within the overall discourse. The PGA Tour has made changes to reward top players amid the threat of the possible Saudi league, launching a Player Impact Program that compensates stars for popularity and social-media impressions. Mickelson claimed he won the PIP in its first year. 
20220221_173939_isr_C000583_A000038	www.nanowerk.com	https://www.nanowerk.com/news2/gadget/newsid=59862.php	ISR	Feb 22, 2022 (Nanowerk News) A joint research team led by Prof. WANG Xiujie at the Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Prof. WANG C.L. Charlie at The University of Manchester and Prof. LIU Yongjin at the TsingHua University, has recently reported a novel three-dimensional (3D) bioprinting platform. 3D bioprinting, which combines a 3D printer with bioinks (often containing cells and biomaterials) to fabricate tissue/organ-mimicking structures, is one of the most promising technologies for in vitro human organ generation. However, the commonly used 3D bioprinting approach is unable to incorporate blood vessel networks during the bioprinting process, therefore facing difficulties in fabricating functional and long-lived complex organs due to the lack of nutrient supply to printed cells. In addition, current bioprinting technologies rely on immobilizing printed cells by adding artificial biomaterials to the bioinks, which inhibit functional cell contact and the formation of new blood vessels, thereby interfering the biological function and long-term survival of bioprinting products. Novel six-axis robot-based bioprinting system and its printing products. A. Six-axis robot bioprinting platform and the printed IGDB letters composed of eGFP-labeled endothelial cells; B. Bioprinted artificial blood vessel is capable of forming new capillaries (left and middle, green color is eGFP-labeled endothelial cells). Bioprinted vascularized cardiac tissue (right, green color is cardiac tissue and red color is vascular network); C. Two-robot cooperation platform (left) can simultaneously print different types of cells onto complex-shaped vascular scaffold (middle) to form patterned cell organization (right). (Image: IGDB) In this study (Bioactive Materials, ), the researchers creatively converted a six-axis robotic arm into a 3D bio-printer, enabling cell printing from all directions. To avoid the detrimental effects of biomaterial solidification, they also designed an oil-bath based cell printing system that allows the printed cells to blood vessel scaffolds via hydrophobicity, thus better maintaining cell activity and promoting the formation of cell-to-cell contact. Combining the six-axis robot-based bioprinter and oil-bath-based cell printing system, the researchers achieved a full range of cell printing on a complex-shaped blood vessel scaffold without causing cell damage or compromising cell proliferation and function. Furthermore, inspired by the natural organ developmental process, the team designed a repeated print-and-culture bioprinting strategy: after printing mono- or multi-layers of cells on the blood vessel scaffold, the printed cells would be cultured for certain intervals to induce the formation of cell-cell contact and new blood vessels, then the scaffold and already printed cells were subjected to a new round of bioprinting. In theory, repeating such print-and-culture cycle could generate complex tissue/organs with printed cells interlaced and connected with blood vessel networks to maintain long-term survival and functions. To demonstrate the feasibility of such strategy, the researchers carried out bioprinting experiments using endothelial cell bioink and cardiomyocyte bioink on blood vessel scaffolds, and found that the printed endothelial cells formed intact endothelium as well as new blood vessels and capillaries with the assistance of angiogenic factors. On the other hand, the printed cardiomyocytes formed gap junctions and resumed rhythmic contraction shortly after printing. By printing the mixture of endothelial cells and cardiomyocytes, researchers generated a piece of vascularized cardiac tissue, which maintained rhythmic beating and alive for at least 6 months. Taking advantage of the extendibility of the six-axis robots, they further established a two-robot cooperation platform and accomplished simultaneous bioprinting of multiple types of cells on complex-shaped blood vessel scaffolds. In summary, compared with conventional methods, the novel 3D bioprinting system reported in this study offers a new strategy to print cells on complex-shaped vascular scaffolds and facilitate angiogenesis among post-printed cells, therefore enables long-term cell survival and demonstrates a feasible way to generate large-scale and functional artificial tissues/organs in vitro. 
20220221_173939_can_C000600_A000021	www.techradar.com	https://www.techradar.com/news/onward-mobility-shuts-down-and-ends-the-5g-blackberry-dream	CAN	The . OnwardMobilitys silence was a sign of much deeper problems and now the company that revived the BlackBerry hardware name has shut its doors and ended its plans for delivering a 5G BlackBerry device.The company announced the news on Tuesday:...it is with great sadness that we announce that OnwardMobility will be shutting down, and we will no longer be proceeding with the development of an ultra-secure smartphone with a physical keyboard.The OnwardMobility team adds that this wasnt the outcome we worked and hoped for.Analysis: OnwardMobilitys BlackBerry plans died on the vineThe disappointing BlackBerry news comes almost two years after the Texas-based company purchased the BlackBerry brand name and announced plans to build a secure, 5G BlackBerry device. More importantly, they promised to include a signature physical keyboard. There are, in our estimation, essentially zero 5G phones with physical QWERTY keyboards.OnwardMobilitys demise may mark the true end of the BlackBerry brand across phones and services. Earlier this year, BlackBerry (the Canadian company), . After that, they that supported original BlackBerry phones (before the Android versions, which were built by yet a different partner).Its a sad end to a storied history as one of the most useful and forward-leaning mobile brands in history. Sure, Blackberry was caught flat-footed when the original iPhone came along in 2007. However, up until that moment, BlackBerry phones were the most important mobile brand in business and for consumers. Hard to believe that owning BlackBerry phone in 2005 was a considered status symbol.By the time BlackBerry arrived on Android in 2015, it and the physical keyboard that still adorned some devices was seen as something of a curiosity.Now, the brand name will fade into our collective memory of a time when we were so addicted to our BlackBerry phones that we called them CrackBerries. 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000601_A000017	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/4467b39d-0e89-41d9-94b8-ac21ed78cfb7	GBR	Make informed decisions with the FT Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust. 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000601_A000022	www.eurogamer.net	https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2022-02-22-heres-a-last-look-at-elden-ring-before-its-released	GBR	A new trailer for Elden Ring has been released ahead of the games launch. It offers a final look at the Lands Between ahead of Fridays release, including a glimpse at new environments and bosses. To reiterate on last week, Elden Ring from players who have got their tarnished hands on the game early. Be warned! You can expect our review of the game later this week. In the meantime, enjoy this latest epic footage of whats shaping up to be From Softwares best game yet. Elden Ring is due out on Friday 25th February across PlayStation and Xbox consoles, and PC via Steam). A free upgrade is available for PS5 players who purchase the PS4 version, while on Xbox Smart Delivery is supported for players across Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S. 
20220221_173939_nzl_C000603_A000003	www.rnz.co.nz	https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/national/462094/protest-funder-working-for-university-forced-to-close-campus	NZL	The chief executive of a company working with Victoria University of Wellington on a re-development is helping fund the very protest which has forced one of its campuses to close. Photo: RNZ / Angus Dreaver The in a personal capacity, which he believes has been spent on toilet facilities. Victoria University thanked RNZ for drawing its attention to the matter, and said it would look into it when it could. It said it was focusing on preparing for the Omicron outbreak and ensuring the safety of its staff and students impacted by the protest, which has . It said Red Stag was one of just two companies that could do for the redevelopment. Verry wants the government to end isolation requirements for travellers now Covid is rife in the community. He said he was happy to talk with Victoria University about his views, or any of the companys customers. But if they condone the unnecessary destruction of the $17b tourism industry now that MIQ is not required, it will be a short conversation, he said. Red Stag has business interests in forestry, timber, property development, and tourism. Meanwhile, Police Assistant Commissioner Richard Chambers said the police the protest - given much of the occupation at Parliament and the blockade of roads is against the law. 
20220221_173939_uga_C000608_A000024	wegotthiscovered.com	https://wegotthiscovered.com/tv/watch-netflix-drops-trailer-for-young-famous-african/	UGA	has just dropped the first trailer for their reality show slated to hit the streaming platform next month, Young, Famous & African. As you might’ve guessed by the title, the show follows a number of affluent, famous media figures from across the motherland. The group comes together in Johannesburg, South Africa, to embark on a journey of making new connections, finding romance, and maybe even reuniting with former sweethearts. The series stars a who’s who of African celebrities, such as Khanyi Mbau, Diamond Platnumz, Annie Macaulay-Idibia, Innocent “2baba” Idibia, Nadia Nakai, Swanky Jerry, Zari “The Boss Lady,” Naked DJ, Kayleigh Schwark, and Andile Ncube. The globetrotting entertainers will have their relationships and patience pushed to the limit as they flirt, fight, and play with their high-profile peers. Touting itself as Netflix’s first-ever African reality series, the show is a glitzy “real-life soap opera” featuring some of the continent’s most popular celebrities, according to . The series was under production last summer, according to the article. The series will likely appeal to fans of Netflix’s other reality show offerings, especially those in the romance department, such as Love is Blind, Love on the Spectrum, The Circle, and Too Hot to Handle. Young, Famous & African comes to Netflix March 18. 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000617_A000002	news.sky.com	https://news.sky.com/story/uk-weather-properties-flood-as-major-incidents-declared-in-the-west-midlands-with-danger-to-life-12548810	GBR	A number of properties in the West Midlands have flooded, with police declaring major incidents in parts of Shropshire and Worcestershire as water levels along the River Severn rise.There are severe flood warnings in place in the village of Ironbridge and the town of Bewdley, with the Environment Agency saying there is a danger to life as temporary flood defences face being topped. And flood-hit communities are calling for a permanent solution to increasingly frequent flooding amid heavy rain. York has also been hit, with cars submerged up to their windscreens and several properties affected after the River Ouse overtopped its banks.In Ironbridge, flooding has hit areas without permanent defences and around 60 properties have been evacuated - but some residents have decided to stay in their homes. Image: A house in Bewdley, Worcestershire, is surrounded by water Image: A childrens playground is submerged in Bewdley Tense situation The situation is tense, according to Telford and Wrekin councillor Shaun Davies, who added: Some properties have no protection from flood defences and are still underwater.And we have evacuated properties behind defences that could be breached while supporting those who have decided to stay put.We are doing all we can to support residents and are preparing for the worst but hoping for the best.Read more: Mr Davies also said that the government announced in 2020 that flooding was a once-in-a-century event.But its just two years later and we need to be preparing for this kind of event as a normal event going forward, he said, before advocating for a permanent defence solution. Flood warnings across EnglandScores of flood warnings have been issued across England particularly along the River Ouse, River Severn, and River Trent.Met Office forecaster Mark Wilson said while there will not be a huge amount of rain today, further rainfall in flood-affected areas could cause recovery to slow down massively.It comes after three storms battered the UK over the past week - as Dudley, , and Franklin left 1.4 million households without electricity, some for up to 72 hours, with around 12,000 still without power. Image: Water levels were up to car windscreens in York Storm Franklins highest gust of 87mph was recorded at The Needles on the Isle of Wight on Sunday evening, followed by gusts of 79mph on a mountaintop in Wales early on Monday. to the UK and Ireland.The Met Office said in some regions as much as five to six inches of rain had fallen in a short period of time. Image: Flood defences along the River Severn in Ironbridge Meanwhile, Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said extreme weather, like these storms, could become a feature of the countrys climate.Speaking in the Commons on Monday, he said four people have tragically lost their lives in incidents related to storms.Police have named Stephen Matthews, 68, a father of two from Aintree, as the passenger who of a vehicle he was travelling in during high winds in Netherton, Merseyside, on Friday. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000618_A000022	androidkenya.com	https://androidkenya.com/2022/02/android-13/	KEN	Following the release of Beta 3 early this year, Google has followed it up with the release of the first developer preview of Android 13. Keep in mind though that this is only a first look at the upcoming OS, and it is largely intended for developers. The first build that will be primed to be released to a wider audience should arrive in April, with the final release of Android 13 scheduled for July or August at the latest. Taking a look at Google’s timeline for the release of the new Android version, a second developer preview is expected in March, followed by a beta build in April and a different one in May. This will then be followed up by two builds with “Platform Stability” in June and July. What’s new in Android 13? As is often the case these days, privacy and security have to take centre stage, and Android 13 is no different. The first introduction by Android 13 is a new system picker that will be a standard and optimized way of sharing local and cloud-based images securely. What this essentially does is that it lets you share images through an app, say WhatsApp, without the app needing permission to view all media on the device. This will also extend to picking videos and photos too. Google says that this feature will eventually make its way to “more Android users” through Google Play updates for all devices running Android 11 and higher. Android Go users, however, will be exempted from this group of users. The second exciting feature expected with Android 13 is that apps will be able to discover and connect to nearby devices via Wi-Fi without the need for location permission. This update mainly targets apps like Xender that required both location and Wi-Fi access in order to connect two or more devices. A new runtime permission has been introduced in Android 13 which gives these apps a new way of connecting two devices without requiring location permission from either of the devices. Further, showing their ambitions in Material You, the new Android design language introduced last year with , Android 13 extends the dynamically adjusting engine to all app icons rather than only Google’s as it was in Android 12. It is important to note that this will not work in an app if the developer has not provided compatible icons. Google further notes that these custom icons will first be only available on Pixel devices, but they are working with different OEMs to bring them to more phones. Other smaller changes that the first developer preview of Android 13 brings are; Per-app languages – Android 13 makes it possible for bilingual users to use one language for their system and another within specific apps. Hyphenation – Google claims to increase the performance of hyphenation in Android 13 by 200% compared to Android 12. Google Play system updates – Android 13 introduces a system that can send Android updates to any phone regardless of version, manufacturer, etc. Finally, Google has also reiterated its stand on large screen devices by asking developers to take more consideration for them when developing their apps. This together with the release of Android 12L that targeted large-screen devices shows that the tech giant has started taking tablets and other large-screen devices like foldables more seriously. 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000657_A000008	www.telegraph.co.uk	https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2022/02/22/dont-soldier-work-cold-says-sajid-javid-amid-end-covid-rules/	GBR	Prof Tim Spector, an epidemiologist at King’s College London and head of the , agreed that it would be wise for sick people to avoid workplaces because Covid remains relatively prevalent, with about one person in 25 infected. As a result, if a person has classical cold symptoms – a runny nose, headache or fatigue – there is currently a 50-50 chance it is a cold or Covid, he told The Telegraph. However, if the person has a sharp, sore throat and a hoarse voice, there is an 80 per cent likelihood it is Covid. “This is the first time anyone in Government has actually mentioned cold-like symptoms,” he said. “I think this might mean a new era with the Government actually admitting that the Covid symptoms have changed. The reason they refused to do so before is they thought it would cause a big surge in testing which they couldnt cope with.” Dr Gary Howsam, the vice-chairman of the Royal College of GPs, told The Telegraph: “With the omicron variant, the symptoms of Covid and a cold can be very similar, and testing is the only tool we really have to differentiate between the two. “Without testing we expect to reach a point where, similar to bad colds and flu, we can’t identify which viruses people have that are making them unwell.” 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000657_A000017	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/b64c7e32-5947-4bc0-bf42-cb83f19ce070	GBR	Two years ago, investors were starting to fret about something they could not properly understand.A virus in China had kept markets on edge for a few weeks and was starting to look like it could be serious. Stocks around the world were suffering knocks of around 1 or 2 per cent a day. Fear not, the sage minds of Wall Street said, pointing to previous outbreaks of viruses such as Zika and Ebola, which left no lasting damage to stocks. This newfangled coronavirus would probably follow a similar path and prove to be an opportunity to buy the dip, they said. We all know how deep and dark that “dip” turned out to be.This is not a criticism as such. Hindsight is a wonderful thing. Nonetheless, that period of 2020 should stick in investors’ minds now that market participants have largely decided Russia’s latest display of military force in Ukraine is likely to mimic its annexation of Crimea eight years ago and produce only a modest and well-contained impact on global asset prices. Russia accounts for only around 3 per cent of the global economy, after all — about half as much as California. Hedge funds that wagered Vladimir Putin would pull back from the brink — and the oligarchs with wealth tied up in Russian shares — have certainly suffered. Moscow’s Moex index has dropped almost 9 per cent this week. This is shaping up to be that market’s worst month since 2009 — well beyond the scale of Covid’s impact. More broadly, markets have already absorbed a fair amount of Russian stress. In a note earlier this week, Goldman Sachs estimated that the tensions over Ukraine that had been bubbling up for months are responsible for a little over half of the 9 per cent drop in the S&P 500 benchmark index of US stocks so far this year. The nerves had also pushed some investors into the safety of US government bonds, lopping around one-quarter of a percentage point off 10-year yields, the bank said. Gold — another classic bolt-hole for jittery investors — is also higher in price than it would otherwise have been. The rouble, meanwhile, is around 9 per cent weaker than it would have been without this latest military adventure, considering how far it has fallen compared with a generally upbeat run in similar emerging market currencies.All in all, nasty, especially for Russian markets, but very manageable.“Investors should keep things in perspective and not overreact to headlines,” says Emmanuel Cau, head of European equity strategy at Barclays. “Although equities can fall more in the near term, we note that market drawdowns due to past military conflicts did not last very long and were mostly buying opportunities.” The annexation of Crimea generated just a 4 per cent drop in European stocks in a hiccup that lasted eight days, he added.For some seasoned Ukraine watchers, this all underplays the crisis, especially given Russia’s central role in providing oil and gas to continental Europe. “This is going to be a big conflict. There are massive risks to European energy,” says Tim Ash, an emerging markets strategist at BlueBay Asset Management. “Beware of unexpected consequences,” he adds, pointing out that the outbreak of Covid-19 and the shock of rapid exits from subsequent lockdowns proved that even true experts in supply chains and inflation have their limits.The big risk is that through the energy market Putin effectively makes the inflation shock biting into markets much worse and saps economic growth momentum. The US Federal Reserve has already indirectly acknowledged this. Geopolitical “risks”, “tensions” and “turmoil” crop up in the minutes of its January meeting no fewer than four times.Twice weekly newsletter Energy is the world’s indispensable business and Energy Source is its newsletter. Every Tuesday and Thursday, direct to your inbox, Energy Source brings you essential news, forward-thinking analysis and insider intelligence. .Capital Economics reckons that in the worst-case scenario, oil prices could hit $120 to $140 per barrel, well above current levels of a shade under $100. Europe’s already elevated natural gas prices are also likely to keep climbing, the research house said, potentially adding as much as 2 percentage points to inflation in advanced economies.“In normal times, central banks would tend to look through an energy-led rise in inflation, but given the current high rates of inflation, and corresponding concerns about it feeding higher inflation expectations, it’s possible that this adds to the list of reasons for policymakers to raise interest rates,” wrote Neil Shearing at Capital Economics.The upshot is that, in markets at least, the latest Ukraine crisis is likely to get lost in the noise about inflation. But it is stalking investors nonetheless. And, in contrast to the pandemic crisis of 2020, if the market reaction does get messy, the Fed is unlikely to step in to help. 
20220221_173939_usa_C000683_A000033	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/22/world/antarctica-human-pollution-causing-more-snow-melt-climate/index.html	USA	Now even — the only continent with no permanent human inhabitants — is being altered by the grit that follows us wherever we go.A study published Tuesday in the journal Nature Communications found that the increasing human presence in Antarctica is causing more snow melt — bad news for a frozen world already battling the effects of human-caused global warming.Black carbon — the dark, dusty pollution that comes from — has settled in locations where tourists and researchers spend a lot of time, scientists found. Even the smallest amounts of the dark pollutant can have a significant impact on melting because of its very low albedo, or reflectiveness: things that are light in color, like snow, reflect the suns energy and stay cool; things that are dark, like black carbon, absorb the suns energy and warm up.Take bright, white snow and sprinkle some black pollution on it, and its a recipe for melting. And has global repercussions. Its a massive, white continent that reflects a significant amount of the suns energy back to space. Losing ice and snow cover means land and ocean temperatures warm further, and that again causes more melting, in what becomes a vicious cycle of climate change. (Antarctica) is currently one of the most rapidly warming regions on the planet, said Alia Khan, a snow and ice scientist at Western Washington University. Snow is already melting due to impacts of climate change, but this is an exacerbating factor on snow melt.The researchers sampled snow around tourist sites and research-heavy locations from 2016 to 2020 and found the black carbon found in those samples was considerably more abundant than levels measured elsewhere on the continent. The research found the highest levels of soot were measured near the Argentine research station in Hope Bay on the Trinity Peninsula, near the northern most part of Antarctica.(Tourist) ships in Antarctica generally use less-polluting marine diesel, and some vessels are supplementing fuel with battery power, the study said. But the researchers note that their results show theres more to be done to reduce pollution as tourism continues to increase. Roughly 74,000 tourists visited Antarctica during the summer of 2019-2020, the researchers reported, a 32% increase from 2018-2019 and more than twice as many as a decade ago.Khan said this study was important not just to understand whats happening in Antarctica, but because global climate models — which scientists use to predict environmental changes decades and centuries in advance — need a better grasp on the impact of snow albedo on the climate system.The snow albedo effect is one of the largest uncertainties in regional and global climate modeling right now, Khan told CNN. Thats one of the motivations for the study, to quantify the impact of black carbon in Antarctica due to local emissions from research and tourist activities on regional snowmelt, which is important for quantifying the role of black carbon in the global loss of snow and ice.Marilyn Raphael, a geography professor and director of UCLAs Institute of the Environment and Sustainability, explained that messing with the Antarctic could throw our planets delicate balance out of whack.[Antarctica] is sitting there pretty much silently all year. But, if it werent there, in the state that it is meant to be, the balance that we have in the climate system — the balance that we enjoy in the Northern Hemisphere — will no longer be, Raphael said.Tuesdays study comes alongside an alarming record in Antarctica: the area of ocean covered by sea ice around the continent will . Raphael said changes in sea ice, too, could have a global reach. Antarcticas sea ice is also important to maintain a balance in atmospheric circulation, Raphael said. This circulation drives the winds and is the means by which energy is transported into or out of the continent.If the atmospheric circulation changes, the global climate changes, she said.As waters get warmer and sea ice depletes, some Antarctic creatures are finding their homes more and more unlivable. Penguin colonies in Antarctica, for example, rely heavily on krill in their diets, and the krill rely on sea ice. Scientists have seen a recently, as krill becomes harder to find. Everything we do has consequences, Raphael said. We need to educate ourselves about those consequences, especially in systems that we know relatively little about. We have to be careful that we dont upset the climate balance.This story has been updated with additional information. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000689_A000013	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/africa/2022-02-22-eu-lifts-sanctions-against-grace-mugabe/	KEN	The Zimbabwean government has welcomed the decision of the European Union (EU) to lift travel and financial sanctions imposed on Vice-President Constantino Chiwenga, former First Lady Grace Mugabe, and military chief Valerio Sibanda.The EU took the decision despite acknowledging that Zimbabwes human rights record had not improved and could worsen.The sanctions were first imposed on the four 20 years ago but were suspended two years ago. They have now been completely removed.Sanctions against Zimbabwes defence industry remain in place.Zimbabwean government spokesman Nick Mangwana told the BBC that the decision was a positive signal and reflected the incremental gains of re-engagement with the EU.The government would continue pushing for all sanctions to be removed unconditionally, he added.President Emmerson Mnangagwa has been trying to improve relations with Western nations since ousting long-serving ruler Robert Mugabe in 2017.The Mugabe-led government had a massive fall-out with the EU after it seized white-owned farms, and launched a crackdown on the opposition. 
20220221_173939_isr_C000691_A000010	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/israel-accuses-iran-providing-munitions-drones-supplied-venezuela-2022-02-22/	ISR	JERUSALEM, Feb 22 (Reuters) - Israel accused Iran on Tuesday of planning to arm drones supplied to Venezuela with precision-guided munitions, remarks that appeared aimed at raising American alarm as world powers try to conclude a new nuclear deal with Tehran.Venezuela said in 2012 that Iran was helping it build drones for self-defence. The two countries, both OPEC members and long at loggerheads with Washington, also cooperate on oil exports.Briefing U.S.-Jewish leaders in Jerusalem, Israeli Defence Minister Benny Gantz showed photographs of what he described as an Iranian Mohajer UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) in Venezuela.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comOur assessments show that Iranian PGMs (precision-guided munitions) are being delivered for these UAVs and other similar models, Gantz said.I can tell you that in my meetings with partners from around the world, including African and Latin American partners, I heard extreme concern about Iranian support for terrorism.Iran denies supplying military drones to any of its allies and has denied seeking nuclear arms or supporting terrorism. Venezuelas information ministry did not immediately reply to an email seeking comment on Gantzs remarks.Israel supported the 2018 withdrawal of the United States from the 2015 Iran nuclear deal and, with Washington now taking part in negotiations to revive the pact, has urged caution.A nuclear deal, if signed with Iran, does not mark the end of the road, Gantz told the Conference of Presidents of Major American Organisations. We need to have offensive capabilities and a set of sanctions ready in our back pockets in case Iran violates a future agreement.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Dan Williams Additional reporting by Vivian Sequera in Caracas; editing by Grant McCoolOur Standards: 
20220221_173939_irl_C000700_A000004	www.thejournal.ie	https://www.thejournal.ie/burials-bill-published-5689667-Feb2022/	IRL	#Open journalism No news is bad news Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you 
20220221_173939_irl_C000700_A000027	www.independent.ie	https://www.independent.ie/sport/soccer/champions-league/fred-labels-ralf-rangnicks-interim-role-at-manchester-united-as-a-bit-strange-41374620.html	IRL	Midfielder Fred has expressed concerns about Manchester Uniteds long-term planning, admitting it is a bit strange to be under an interim manager for the rest of the season. aving parted company with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, Ralf Rangnick was handed the reins for the remainder of the 2021-22 campaign before he starts a two-year consultancy role with the club. United are currently in Spain preparing to take on Atletico Madrid in their first Champions League last-16 appearance since 2019, when they were also playing under a caretaker boss. Solskjaer got the permanent job shortly after that jaw-dropping triumph against Paris St Germain and Fred is surprised the club are back in the same situation. It is a bit strange, he told TNT Sports Brazil. I know in football its important to get good results as soon as possible, but its also important to have a long-term plan. I think its a little bit bad for us not to have one, at the moment its all about the short-term goals. We dont know how its going to be after the end of this season. Freds comments come as United face up to the prospect of another trophyless season unless they upset the odds and go all the way in the Champions League. Every player that comes to this club wants to win titles, said Fred, who joined from Shakhtar Donetsk in 2018 - a year after the clubs last trophy. Its the same with me, Bruno (Fernandes), Alex (Telles), Cristiano (Ronaldo), (Jadon) Sancho, all of us. We want trophies but its been a long drought. With all due respect to Villarreal, it was our job to win that Europa League final and we failed. Its about having a better football planning on the club. If you dont want to win titles you dont deserve to play for Manchester United. Were still in the Champions League but lets see if we arrive better on next season to find our peak football. Asked if it is crazy to picture United winning this Champions League this year, Fred said: I dont think so. I know were not playing our best football, but we have a lot of quality names in our squad. I see many other teams playing far off from their best as well. (To win it) wouldnt be crazy, it could happen, but we have to work our socks off because were far away from being one of the favourites in this competition. 
20220221_173939_irl_C000700_A000029	www.rte.ie	https://www.rte.ie/sport/six-nations/2022/0221/1282163-irelands-call-on-lowe-versus-hansen-intriguing/	IRL	James Lowes recall to the Ireland squad has set up an intriguing selection conundrum for head coach Andy Farrell. The Leinster wing has recovered from a hamstring injury that forced him out of contention for the Guinness Six Nations win over Wales and defeat to France. The 29-year-old New Zealand-born back sparkled on his comeback as a replacement, scoring a long-range effort for the URC champions in their 29-7 win over Ospreys on Saturday. The man in possession of the green jersey is Connachts 23-year-old wing Mack Hansen, the Irish-qualified Canberra native, who marked his international debut with a man of the match performance against Wales and scored a superb try in Paris on his second cap. Mack Hansen was a serious threat against us when we played Connacht first time around so everyone in the Leinster squad rates and respects him for sure, said Leinster senior coach Stuart Lancaster ahead of their match against Emirates Lions on Friday at the RDS (7.35pm). There is nothing he’s done that has let Ireland down in any way, shape or form. So it’s a tricky one, there’s Robert Baloucoune up at Ulster, who’s been excellent, Jordan Larmour is sat there as well on the fringes. Andrew Conway’s playing really well as well so it’s becoming a real position of strength now, Jimmy [O’Brien] is in there. It’s a tricky selection decision but a good one for Ireland, for Andy in particular, because Lowey brings something that other players don’t have. Obviously, he’s got a tremendous left boot but he’s got an ability to break tackles and create opportunities where others perhaps can’t. He’s got that physicality so you can use him as a ball-carrying threat on your starter plays. He brings an infectious energy to the team and he’s just got an x factor’ that’s very hard to coach. Lowe made his Ireland debut against Wales in the Autumn Nations Cup in 2020 and has won eight caps to date, including one in last November’s win against New Zealand. After questions arose about his defence in the 2021 Six Nations, the last international window saw him step up a level and he was a probable lock-in to start in the Six Nations had injury not prevented his inclusion. We need your consent to load this YouTube contentWe use YouTube to manage extra content that can set cookies on your device and collect data about your activity. Please review their details and accept them to load the content. Lancaster added: If he doesn’t get his opportunity this week it would be perfectly understandable for sure, but to have him back in camp, he’ll be trying to put a marker down, they’ll have another fallow week, training week and all roads will lead to Twickenham [to face England on 12 March]. That will be a fascinating selection when that comes around.Meanwhile, former Ireland head coach Eddie OSullivan reckons the game against Italy provides room for manoeuvre for Farrell. Bigger picture, I think it’s possible James Lowe could come on but given that it’s Italy, it’s the middle game, Andy Farrell might be looking at that change among others just to freshen it up and give guys a look-in, he told RTÉ’s Drivetime. Baloucoune might come into the frame, Joey Carbery [at out-half] is someone he has to look at. He can make those changes at the moment and Ireland don’t suffer in any way. The quality of player he can bring in doesn’t distract from the strength of the team. On that basis, he certainly could drop James Lowe in but it wouldn’t be a bad reflection on Mack Hansen. He’s trying to build his stocks now and presuming we beat Italy, and we should, there are two big games that will determine the championship and I can see him moving the pieces around. To keep it fresh but also to get information on the guys, things that can make a difference for him. Follow Ireland v Italy (Sunday, 3pm) via our live blog on rte.ie/sport and on the RTÉ News App or listen to live radio coverage on RTÉ Radio 1. Highlights on Against the Head, Mondays, 8pm. 
20220221_173939_idn_C000702_A000001	www.nme.com	https://www.nme.com/news/music/nmixx-debut-single-o-o-music-video-ad-mare-3164345	IDN	‘s new girl group have made their debut with a head-spinning music video for ‘O.O’. The visual opens at a scene of a shipwreck, as an ominous fog clears to reveal the members of the new girl group. They launch into a fierce performance of the new track, entering a number of whimsical new worlds. “Eyes wide open like ‘OO’ / Watch out, baila baila baila / Watch it, how nice how nice,” they sing on the chorus, while performing the song’s intricate choreography. ‘O.O’ is the title track of NMIXX’s debut single album ‘Ad Mare’, which dropped at the same time. VIDEO ‘Ad Mare’ also includes the B-side track ‘Tank’, along with instrumental versions of both songs. Notably, ‘O.O’ was composed and arranged by a roster of hitmakers from South Korean music production studio THE HUB, best known for working with , , Ha Sung-woon and more. NMIXX, previously referred to as JYPn, was when JYP Entertainment opened a pre-order for a “blind package” for the forthcoming group group. The package features their debut single on a limited-edition CD, a photo book, poster, premium membership card and more. NMIXX is the first K-pop girl group launched by JYP Entertainment since ’s debut in 2019. The agency is also home to other popular idol groups such as TWICE, , as well as the bands and Xdinary Heroes, the latter of which had made their debut last December. 
20220221_173939_gha_C000724_A000014	www.ghanaweb.com	https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/Coups-Akufo-Addo-watering-down-seriousness-of-West-African-situation-Security-analyst-1474457	GHA	General News of Tuesday, 22 February 2022 Source: President Akufo-Addo is current Chairman of ECOWAS A security analyst, Adib Saani has maintained that the decision by President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to negate the claim that coups have become a norm in the West African Sub-region was to water down the situation. President Akufo-Addo downplayed the assertion that coups have become the norm in the sub-region in an interview on French 24 over the weekend. But Mr. Saani has a contrary view. In his opinion, coups have become a norm in the sub-region. Speaking in an interview on the mid-day news Accra 100.5 FM on Monday, February 21, 2022, he said “The president is just watering down the seriousness of the issue because he does not want to paint that picture out there but many of the coups have become copycat and the president cannot runway from that fact.” He stressed that President Akufo-Addo as Chairman of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is aware that coups are becoming a norm. He maintained that the situation is contagious in the sub-region considering the cross-cutting issues that cause coups in the sub-region like mass youth unemployment, corruption among others. He noted that even entrenched democracies like Ghana is not immune from coup. He cautioned the country to be wary of some of its policies like the fuel price increment, agitations of #FixTheCountry movement and gagging of journalists as well as the entrenched position of the government to pass the E-levy against the wish of majority of the populace. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000725_A000026	www.bollywoodhungama.com	https://www.bollywoodhungama.com/news/features/alia-bhatt-reacts-kangana-ranauts-200cr-will-burnt-ashes-box-office-comment-quote-bhagavad-gita/	IND	Alia Bhatt is currently gearing up for the release of her upcoming film Gangubai Kathiawadi directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. The film has had a long wait owing to the delays caused by the pandemic. Even before its release, the film has faced several criticisms, especially regarding casting and one among them was from actress Kangana Ranaut. Recently, during a promotional event in Kolkata, Alia reacted to the strong criticism by Kangana with a quote from the Bhagavad Gita.Alia Bhatt reacts to Kangana Ranaut’s ‘200cr will be burnt to ashes at the box office’ comment with a quote from the Bhagavad GitaAlia Bhatt was recently in Kolkata to launch the song ‘Meri Jaan’ from the film which also features debutante Shantanu Maheshwari. Replying to Kanganas remark, Alia reportedly said, Lord Krishna had said in the Gita that inaction is an action. Thats all I want to say.Meanwhile, a few days back, Kangana took to her Instagram stories and wrote, This Friday 200cr will be burnt to ashes at the box office ... for a papa (movie mafia daddy) ki pari (who likes to keep a British passport) because papa wants to prove that romcom bimbo can act... biggest drawback of the film is wrong casting...yeh nahi sudhrenge (these people wont change) no wonder screens are going to South and Hollywood films ... Bollywood is destined for doom jab tak movie mafia has power.In the past, Kangana has publicly attacked Alia by using terms like mediocre, member of nepo-gang, and more while referring to her. Alia, on the other hand, has refrained from reacting to the comments.Meanwhile, Gangubai Kathiawadi documents the rise of its eponymous sex worker to one of the most powerful madams of the infamous Mumbai red-light district, Kamathipura. Produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Dr. Jayantilal Gada (Pen Studios), the film is all set to release theatrically on 25th February 2022. The film marks the debut of Shantanu Maheshwari and also stars Ajay Devgn in a special appearance.ALSO READ: BOLLYWOOD NEWS - LIVE UPDATESCatch us for latest , update, , , , , & and stay updated with latest hindi movies only on Bollywood Hungama. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000752_A000032	www.republicworld.com	https://www.republicworld.com/science/space/nasas-parker-solar-probe-to-swing-by-sun-yet-again-in-its-11th-flyby-on-february-25-articleshow.html	IND	The Parker Solar Probe, which scripted a record for being the first manmade object to ‘’, is heading towards our solar systems star yet again. NASA said that the probe will swing by the sun for its 11th perihelion on February 25 from a distance of over 85 lakh kilometres. “During this close approach, Parker Solar Probe passes the Sun’s Earth-facing side. There are opportunities for Earth-bound missions and other spacecraft to give us multiple viewpoints of solar events”, NASAs Sun and Space team tweeted. In another tweet, the team shared an animation showing the Parker probes orbit around the sun, which also intersects the orbits of Mercury and Venus. The forthcoming flyby will be the spacecrafts 11th out of the 24 planned ones. Launched on August 12, 2018, the spacecraft is named after Eugene Parker and is designed to provide new data on solar activity in order to improve scientists ability to forecast major space-weather events that impact life on Earth. Parker probe becomes fastest man-made object in space Apart from being the first man-made object to touch the sun, the Parker probe is also the fastest spacecraft in outer space. Currently, it is heading towards the sun at a speed of 3,592 kilometres per hour but, according to NASA, the spacecraft will reach a speed of 6,92,017 kilometres per hour during its closest approach to the sun. At the same time, the probe would be facing temperatures up to 1,400 degrees Celsius, however, its payload would be at room temperature, around 29 degrees, as per NASA. It is pertinent to note that the spacecraft is able to survive such high temperatures due to a carbon-composite shield that is 4.5-inch-thick and can withstand temperatures up to 1,377 degrees Celsius. Most recently, the probe captured the first visible-light images of Venus surface beneath its thick shroud of clouds. In a statement, NASA had revealed that was captured using the Wide-Field Imager, or WISPR, which helped in imaging the night side of the planet in wavelengths of the visible spectrum and then extending into the near-infrared wavelengths. Image: Twitter/@NASASun 
20220221_173939_irl_C000785_A000005	www.breakingnews.ie	https://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/legal-requirement-to-wear-a-mask-to-end-in-ireland-1262090.html	IRL	There will be no legal requirement to wear a mask from February 28th, Tánaiste Leo Varadkar has announced. He said there will be no legal requirement to wear a mask in any setting, but it will still be advised on public transport and in healthcare settings. Following the announcement, the Department of Health report 7,354 cases of Covid-19, 3,294 of which were confirmed by PCR tests and 4,060 were logged on the HSEs antigen test result portal. As of 8am on Tuesday morning, there were 608 people with the virus in hospital, 54 of whom were receiving treatment in ICU. Schools Speaking after a meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday, Mr Varadkar also announced the requirement for pods, staggered breaks, masks and physical distancing in schools will also end on February 28th. He said while it will be a “more normal school and childcare experience” from Monday, some measures will remain in place including recommendations around good hygiene, ventilation and advice for children to stay at home when sick. In relation to testing and close contacts, Mr Varadkar said those who test positive for Covid will still be required to isolate for seven days, and on days eight, nine and ten to wear a mask. However, rules will change for close contacts, with the requirement to restrict movements to be lifted from the end of February. Testing will be reserved for those who are vulnerable, with those under 55 and in good health and over 55 and fully vaccine boosted no longer advised to take Covid tests from February 28th. Mr Varadkar also said there will be no vaccine mandates for the public or healthcare workers, but they will be encouraged to have a jab. “All of those changes are coming into place on February 28 and this is the next step that we are taking towards living with Covid as an endemic virus, one that we manage in the way that we have managed viruses like the flu, for example, in the past,” he said. The Cabinet will meet again over Covid on February 28th to consider the next steps. Earlier, Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney indicated the Government was likely to approve the recommendations from health officials at a meeting of the Cabinet. Taoiseach Micheál Martin confirmed last Friday that the Government would be accepting the guidance from the National Public Health Emergency Team (Nphet), bringing an end to mandatory mask wearing. Chief medical officer (CMO) Dr Tony Holohan recommended an end to the mandatory wearing of face masks, but they will be advisory in healthcare settings and on public transport. In his letter to Minister for Health Stephen Donnelly, Dr Holohan said: “Nphet concluded that there is no longer a continuing public health rationale for retaining them and advised that the following measures could be removed with effect from February 28 as planned. “Mandatory mask wearing in areas where it is currently regulated for, including: public transport, taxis, retail and other indoor public settings, and staff in hospitality settings. “Public health measures in early learning settings, school-aged childcare, primary and secondary schools, including physical distancing measures such as pods, and mask wearing.” Mr Coveney told RTÉ radio: “We’ve listened to our medical experts, right the way through Covid, that’s what Nphet has been there for. “I think they’ve done an incredible job. Sometimes they’ve had to recommend decisions to Government that were unpopular and there’s been a lot of public debate around that. “But the recommendations now coming from our Nphet team are clear. “And I think we’re likely to discuss that in Cabinet this morning and accept those recommendations whereby masks would remain in medical settings in particular. “I think we’d also be advising people to use their own judgments. And I think a lot of people will continue to wear masks on public transport, for example, and in other potentially crowded settings.” X 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000817_A000037	www.eadt.co.uk	https://www.eadt.co.uk/news/health/suffolk-ovarian-cancer-month-8708818	GBR	Published: 4:30 PM February 22, 2022 Most women do not know that bloating is a key symptom of ovarian cancer, while GPs can interpret the signs as other illnesses, a charity has warned. A poll of 1,000 women for Target Ovarian Cancer found 79% did not know that bloating is a symptom, while 68% were unaware abdominal pain is a sign and 97% were unaware that feeling full is another. Needing to urinate more urgently is also a sign, while evidence suggests women can often be told their symptoms are more a symptom of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).Some 40% of women also incorrectly believed ovarian cancer can be picked up by screening for cervical cancer, the survey found. Katy said symptoms of ovarian cancer can often be missed or attributed to other causes - Credit: Katy Stephenson Katy Stephenson, 47, from Bury St Edmunds, was diagnosed with early-stage ovarian cancer in 2021. She had been experiencing symptoms like bloating and needing to urinate more urgently, but had put it down to being peri-menopausal.Fortunately, she had a fluke diagnosis when she was admitted to hospital with appendicitis and the cancer was found much earlier than normal. She said: “I was actually told that I wouldn’t have symptoms in the early stages of ovarian cancer – but I did. I want everyone to know the symptoms of ovarian cancer.“The only person that will catch them is you, so be aware of your own body, speak to a GP, and don’t be afraid to mention ovarian cancer if you’re worried.”There are around 7,500 new ovarian cancer cases in the UK every year. Ovarian cancer kills around a third of women in the first year after diagnosis and is often diagnosed in the late stages.Annwen Jones, chief executive of Target Ovarian Cancer, said: We know we’ve shifted the dial in the past 10 years through the dedication of thousands of Target Ovarian Cancer’s campaigners, but it is not enough.“Knowing the symptoms is crucial for everyone. Peter Holloway, a GP in Mendlesham and cancer lead for NHS Ipswich and East Suffolk Clinical Commissioning Group, has encouraged women to go to their doctor if they have symptoms of ovarian cancer - Credit: WARREN PAGE/PAGEPIX Dr Peter Holloway, a GP in Suffolk and cancer lead for the NHS Ipswich and East Suffolk CCG, said: “I urge anyone who has the signs or symptoms of ovarian cancer, which can include bloating, loss of appetite or unexplained weight loss, not to delay in contacting their GP practice. “The symptoms you are experiencing may not be due to cancer, but if it is, getting it detected early means there is a much better chance of successful treatment.“Please don’t think you are wasting the doctor’s time, get checked out.” 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000015_A000003	www.dailymaverick.co.za	https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2022-02-22-ignore-the-theatric-claims-of-intelligence-failures-before-july-unrest-says-ayanda-dlodlo-describing-a-competent-state-security-agency/	ZAF	Like those in authority who have testified before her at the South African Human Rights Commission (SAHRC) probe into the July 2021 civil unrest, former state security minister Ayanda Dlodlo on Tuesday evening appeared to casually wash her hands of any intelligence failures in the lead-up to the eight days of riots and looting that gutted the KwaZulu-Natal economy, and to a lesser extent Gauteng, and left well over 300 people dead. During testimony that lasted for about four hours, Dlodlo painted a picture of a fit-for-purpose State Security Agency (SSA) manned by diligent and efficient staff who worked tirelessly to provide high-value intelligence to “clients”. What those clients did with the information, she said, was not her business, or that of the agency. She also brushed away criticism – from Police Minister on Monday, and by KZN Premier last year during the hearings – that there were no early-warning intelligence reports from the SSA leading up to the violence. “Ignore the theatrics of people not receiving [intelligence reports]. That is just theatrics,” Dlodlo told commissioners Andre Gaum, Chris Nissen and Philile Ntuli. The agency’s daily intelligence briefs were not scheduled, she said, “but are produced on a continual basis throughout the production cycle, based on identified intelligence threats. This happens throughout the year and goes to the National Joint Operational and Intelligence Structure (NatJoints), the minister of intelligence, deputy minister of intelligence and are shared with the President from time to time.” With poorly disguised condescension, she said that the agency had indeed forewarned the police, ministers and NatJoints of impending civil unrest in Gauteng and KZN from as early as December 2020. “These intelligence briefings and alerts were provided to the SA Police Service before and during the unrest. But I might also clarify it was not only to the SAPS but to NatJoints, which is chaired by SAPS and co-chaired by SSA and the Department of Defence. “I need to record that the intelligence reports and alerts that I refer to in my submission are not in my possession and they are classified. I do not have the authority to declassify any documents as they are in the possession and under direct control of the acting director-general of SSA,” said Dlodlo. Earlier in her testimony, she stated: “[I]f my colleagues did not get updates from their own departments, I can hardly be held accountable and responsible [for that].” Without going into detail, Dlodlo said that between May 2021 and the start of the riots, the agency issued “some red alerts, some yellow and some orange. All of these go to the structures I have mentioned here to enable them to plan. So [the SSA, when I was still there] did warn about growing instability that undermined the authority of the state.” In SSA-speak, a red alert signals an imminent threat to life and property, orange signals general instability but no immediate risk to life and property, while a yellow alert is utilised when an incident has already taken place but there is a risk of retaliation. On 22 January 2021, said Dlodlo, a red alert was issued because of WhatsApp messages “in certain groups” that were trying to mobilise for a shutdown of KZN with a demand that President Cyril Ramaphosa step down. “The SSA recommended that SAPS maintain a visible presence on major highways to prevent any disruptions. The alert was given to the President and NatJoints. “Between March and July 2021, we issued 11 alerts,” said Dlodlo, implying that these were all orange. “They had to do with the Constitutional Court issue that related to former president Jacob Zuma where permission to protest had not been granted by the [Joburg metro police]. We recommended in that orange alert more visible policing. So, the Jacob Zuma issue around the Constitutional Court did not start when the former president was convicted,” she said. “On 29 April 2021, we issued another orange alert on a planned national shutdown scheduled from 3 to 7 May 2021. We warned the shutdown would target national highways, particularly in KZN and Gauteng. So, by then you should have seen that there was a pattern that was evolving. Whether or not you got intelligence at some point, was beside the point. The information that we proffered was designed to assist the police to determine a modus operandi… The rest is history.” For some unexplained reason, Dlodlo obviously deemed this information – which was all publicly available at the time via social media – highly sensitive, because she told the commissioners she had chosen to share it “to assure South Africans that at the SSA, we have got hard-working men and women. “Disregard what has happened, and what might continue to happen even now; the fact of the matter is that we have hard-working individuals in that institution. And I wouldn’t want South Africans to come out of all of this thinking that they are not safe [and] that we will not be able to quell possible threats to their lives and livelihoods. There was work done. Could we have done better? The answer is always a resounding yes.” She said that anyone – and here possibly taking a swipe at Cele – who was expecting to get a report “directly from me” was “dreaming, and dreaming in colour”. The report would have come from the SSA, she said. Later, upon questioning from evidence leader advocate Yanela Ntloko, Dlodlo said: “There was never going to be a time when I gave Cele a report. It is very clear that there are structures that receive these reports and throughout this process I have had no business in giving reports. The same is to be said for the premier in KZN. In the meetings, his departments were represented. “Even the now Speaker of Parliament explained to Minister Cele that these are operational reports and Ayanda would not have given you these reports. The reports would have gone from the agency, not my office. The people who were meant to give Cele the reports were his own people, the police.” Responding to criticism levelled at the agency (the same criticism has been made of the police) for using social media posts to gather “intelligence”, Dlodlo said that such “forms part of open-source [intelligence gathering]”. Dlodlo was shifted from the agency shortly after the unrest and now enjoys a ministerial position in the Public Service and Administration portfolio. DM 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000015_A000014	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/news24/world/news/trump-no-way-russia-would-invade-ukraine-if-he-were-still-in-power-20220222	ZAF	Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. Chris McGrath/Getty Images Former US president Donald Trump says the Ukraine crisis would not have happened under hi administration.He said Russian President Vladimir Putin would never have done what he is doing now under the Trump administration.Russia is facing an international backlash after Putin ordered his forces into Ukraine to secure two breakaway enclaves.Former US president Donald Trump boasted of his close relationship with Russian leader Vladimir Putin on Tuesday, arguing that the Ukraine crisis would not have happened under his administration.If properly handled, there was absolutely no reason that the situation currently happening in Ukraine should have happened at all, he said in a statement.I know Vladimir Putin very well, and he would have never done during the Trump administration what he is doing now, no way!Russia is facing an international backlash after Putin ordered his forces into Ukraine to secure two breakaway enclaves. The move came with tens of thousands of Russian soldiers on Ukraines borders and amid warnings of an all-out invasion.President Joe Biden imposed economic sanctions on the two enclaves, but on the question of penalties against Russia itself, a US official told reporters: We are going to assess what Russias done.Biden will address the nation at 18:00 GMT on Russias actions, the White House said.But Trump, who had been largely silent on the escalating Russian threat to the US ally, criticized the weak response which he said did not match Russias actions. Now it has begun, oil prices are going higher and higher, and Putin is not only getting what he always wanted, but getting, because of the oil and gas surge, richer and richer, Trump added.WATCH | Former White House Russia advisor Fiona Hill told CNN Sunday that Trumps foreign policy had emboldened Putin. The former presidents foreign policy, she argued, had been driven by personal concerns rather than the national interest.Theres no Team America for Trump. Not once did I see him do anything to put America first. Not once. Not for a single second, said Hill, one of Trumps most senior aides.Ukraine found itself caught in a US domestic political firestorm when then-president Trump asked its leader to launch a spurious corruption probe into Joe Bidens family ahead of the 2020 presidential election.Accusations that Trump tried to block military aid to pressure President Volodymyr Zelensky sparked the first of two impeachments of the Republican. 
20220223_165637_nga_C000226_A000031	www.opticflux.com	https://www.opticflux.com/super-earths-may-have-longer-lasting-magnetospheres-making-habitability-more-likely/16076/	NGA	“Super-Earths” keep popping up. The most numerous exoplanets are those between Earth and Neptune in size, yet they’re also the most perplexing. Are they rocky like Earth, complete with atmospheres and liquid water, but much larger? Or are they “mini-Neptunes” with a variable gas envelope and unlivable temperatures and pressures? In the hunt for life, it’s a crucial difference. Not least because the high pressures and thermal conditions on exoplanets with masses several times that of Earth are unknown.So why not discover more about “super-Earths” by using one of the world’s most powerful lasers?Richard Kraus from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and his colleagues began their research with the knowledge that Earth, the only known habitable planet in the cosmos, has a magnetic field. It shields life from the dangers of charged particles carried by the sun’s wind. Scientists were able to calculate the melting temperature of iron by using very high-energy lasers at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory’s National Ignition Facility to replicate the same heat assumed to be present in “super-Earth” cores. They discovered the melting threshold of iron up to 1000 gigapascals (Gpa), which is about 3 times the pressure in the Earth’s core.Finally, what is the verdict? On terrestrial exoplanets with a mass of four to six times Earth’s, a liquid metal core—and hence a shielding magnetosphere—lasts the longest. As a result, magnetospheres in “super-Earths” may be more common than previously assumed, as well as lasting longer than on Earth-sized rocky planets. Because protective magnetic fields are thought to be required for life as we know it to persist, “super-Earths” are more probable than Earth to have a longer period of magnetically protected habitability.Is this a sign that “super-Earths” are the exoplanets to look for in the hunt for life? No, since rocky “super-Earths” with atmospheres are far more probable to be “mini-Neptunes” than planets substantially bigger than Earth.The paper was published in . 
20220221_173939_eth_C000572_A000019	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/22/22946560/apple-store-mask-mandate-customers-employees	ETH	Apple will no longer require customers to wear masks in a number of Apple stores across the US, including in Ohio, Kansas, Kentucky, North Carolina, Georgia, and other states that have recently dropped local mask mandates, according to a report by . Employees at Apple stores will still be required to wear masks regardless of vaccination status, however. Apple is also resuming in-store classes Bloomberg says Apple has since updated its website to indicate which stores require masks. When searching for a store using , the site will tell you if masks are “required,” “recommended,” or “optional” for vaccinated customers at specific locations. Masks are still required in states with more rigid guidelines, like Hawaii, Oregon, and Washington. In some locations, such as New York and Connecticut, face masks are only optional for fully-vaccinated customers. In addition to lifting mask requirements, Bloomberg says Apple is also resuming its in-store classes, called . Classes are available at select locations and include courses on making music with Garageband, editing and shooting photos on an iPhone, and making videos with iMovie. As noted by Bloomberg, some classes will resume this week, while others will start again in March. Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, Apple has continued to change its mask policy in line with local guidance. Adjustments have tended to roll out relatively quickly at Apple — in November, at retail locations and then as COVID-19 cases started rising. 
20220221_173939_can_C000600_A000032	www.ctvnews.ca	https://www.ctvnews.ca/sci-tech/nasa-s-new-nachos-instrument-could-predict-volcanic-eruptions-1.5791965	CAN	A small new NASA instrument may be able to help predict volcanic eruptions and monitor air quality. Nicknamed NACHOS, which is short for the Nanosat Atmospheric Chemistry Hyperspectral Observation System, a prototype was launched from Virginia on Feb. 19 aboard a Northrop Grumman resupply mission to the International Space Station. NACHOS will soon be perched aboard a tiny CubeSat satellite positioned about 480 km above Earth, where NASA hopes it will be able to detect traces of gases like sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide in the atmosphere. “A dormant volcano just waking up may emit (sulfur dioxide) before there is any detectable seismic activity,” Los Alamos National Laboratory remote sensing researcher Steve Love explained in a . “That gives us a chance to identify a potentially erupting volcano before it actually blows.” If successful, NACHOS will be the smallest and highest-resolution instrument of its kind in orbit, allowing it to zoom in on areas as small as 0.4 square kilometres. NASA says that could lead to new space-based systems that are able to monitor air quality for harmful gases in neighbourhoods and individual power plants. When we recognize that these gases are present and can localize their sources on a sub-kilometer scale, we have the opportunity to take action and minimize negative health outcomes,” said Love, who is a task lead on the NACHOS project. NACHOS weighs just six kilograms and measures 300 centimetres cubed. It’s affixed to a CubeSat, which is a type of miniaturized and modular satellite system with components that are roughly the size of a Rubik’s cube. NACHOS is currently sitting aboard a Northrop Grumman Cygnus cargo spacecraft. When the spacecraft departs the International Space Station in May 2022, it will place NACHOS in low-Earth orbit before re-entering the Earth’s atmosphere. Unlike SpaceX’s partially reusable Dragon series of spacecraft, Cygnus spacecraft are expendable. Love and his team expect NACHOS to orbit our planet for about a year. “That will give us enough time to verify our instrument design and gather enough test data to ensure our technology concept is feasible,” Love said. “More power and less weight set NACHOS apart and make it an excellent candidate for future atmospheric trace gas missions.” 
20220221_173939_tza_C000607_A000031	www.cbsnews.com	https://www.cbsnews.com/news/nasa-nachos-predict-volcanic-eruptions/	TZA	NASA has launched a new prototype instrument that it hopes will help predict volcanic eruptions. Weighing in at just 13 pounds, the instrument will be the smallest space-based device — with the highest resolution — dedicated to observing gases like sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide that can be harbingers of volcanic activity, Tuesday. The instrument is still just a prototype, but NASA plans to deploy the diminutive device, which launched aboard a recent resupply mission the the International Space Station, in May 2022. Named the Nanosat Atmospheric Chemistry Hyperspectral Observation System, or NACHOS, it will be able to detect gases in areas as small as .15 square miles, which is roughly the size of the Mall of America, NASA said.A dormant volcano just waking up may emit [sulfur dioxide] before there is any detectable seismic activity. That gives us a chance to identify a potentially erupting volcano before it actually blows, Steve Love, a researcher with the Space and Remote Sensing Group at the Department of Energys Los Alamos National Laboratory, said in a NASA press release. NASA researchers hope that NACHOS will do more than just predict volcanic eruptions. It plans to use the device to monitor the air quality around cities and neighborhoods and even individual power plants, the agency said.When we recognize that these gases are present and can localize their sources on a sub-kilometer scale, we have the opportunity to take action and minimize negative health outcomes, said Love. NACHOS size makes it much cheaper and smaller than the satellites currently used to observe trace gases.There are excellent instruments in orbit gathering data on atmospheric trace gases, Love said, But they are expensive to produce and maintain. NACHOS is only about the size of a football — making it a pint-sized powerhouse. NACHOS, with its solar panels unfolded. Credits: Los Alamos National Laboratory/Logan Ott More power and less weight set NACHOS apart and make it an excellent candidate for future atmospheric trace gas missions, said Love. NACHOS will stay on board Northrop Grummans Cygnus spacecraft, which launched on , until May, when the spacecraft will head back to Earth from the ISS. NACHOS will be placed in Earths lower orbit before the craft reenters the atmosphere. NACHOS is expected to remain in orbit for around a year, when it will be replaced with another instrument. 
20220221_173939_lva_C000633_A000013	www.republicworld.com	https://www.republicworld.com/world-news/russia-ukraine-crisis/biden-approves-extra-us-forces-military-equipment-in-europe-to-strengthen-baltic-allies-articleshow.html	LVA	Following Russian President Vladimir Putins order to send soldiers into the two Ukraines breakaway regions -- Donetsk and Luhansk, United States President Joe Biden has approved additional deployment of US troops as well as military equipment in Europe on Tuesday (local time) to strengthen Baltic allies -- Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. According to The Hill, Biden told the media at the White House, “As Russia contemplates its next move, we have our next move prepared as well.” Speaking from the White House about the Russia-Ukraine situation, Biden stressed on the new sanctions against Russia after President Putin declared the independence of two breakaway provinces. According to CNN, Biden stated that in reaction to Russias declaration that it would not remove its soldiers from Belarus, “I have authorised additional movements of US forces and equipment, already stationed in Europe to strengthen our Baltic allies: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Biden reaffirms NATOs commitment to upholding international law The United States has already dispatched or repositioned nearly 6,000 US troops to Germany, Poland, as well as Romania near the countries borders with Ukraine, while Russia has assembled approximately 1,90,000 troops near its boundary with the former Soviet nation and in Belarus, The Hill reported. During his speech, Biden has also reaffirmed NATOs commitment to upholding international law, saying, We have no intention of fighting Russia. He further said that they want to send an unmistakable message that the United States and its partners will protect every inch of NATO territory and would honour their NATO commitments. Even though Biden did not disclose how many soldiers would be dispatched to the three Baltic countries or where they would be shifted from, he did stress that this deployment was totally defensive moves on our part, as per The Hill. US sanctions on Russia As the US president declares additional sanctions against Russia, he also termed Putins actions the beginning of a Russian invasion of Ukraine. Biden highlighted that they are imposing complete sanctions on Russias sovereign debt as well as implementing complete blocking sanctions on two significant Russian financial institutions—VEB and their military bank. This implies that they would cut Russias government off from Western funding. It can no longer borrow money from the West, and cannot trade in its new debt on US or European markets, ANI reported. Further, Biden went on to say that sanctions will also be imposed on Russias elites and their families. “They share in the corrupt gains of the Kremlin policies and should share in the pain as well, he said while adding that they have worked with Germany to guarantee that the Nord Stream 2 gas line project will not proceed forward. In response to Putins proclamation, Biden has issued an Executive Order on Monday prohibiting any new investment, commerce, as well as finance by US citizens to, from, or in the People’s Militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk and Luhansk republics. In addition to this, Putins move to recognise Donetsk and Luhansk as independent was roundly opposed by the United States. In his Monday speech to the country, Putin also authorised the deployment of Russian Armed Forces to Ukraines separatist areas, acknowledging their independence. (Image: AP) 
20220221_173939_lva_C000633_A000031	www.dawn.com	https://www.dawn.com/news/1676575/fossil-of-flying-reptile-leaves-scientists-gobsmacked	LVA	RESEARCHERS carry part of the fossil of a newly identified Jurassic Period flying reptile, or pterosaur, found on a rocky beach in Scotland.—Reuters WASHINGTON: A fossil jawbone peeking out from a limestone seashore on Scotland’s Isle of Skye led scientists to discover the skeleton of a pterosaur that showed that these remarkable flying reptiles got big tens of millions of years earlier than previously known. Researchers said on Tuesday this pterosaur, named Dearc sgiathanach, lived roughly 170 million years ago during the Jurassic Period, soaring over lagoons in a subtropical landscape and catching fish and squid with crisscrossing teeth perfect for snaring slippery prey. Its scientific name, pronounced “jark ski-an-ach,” means “winged reptile” in Gaelic. With a wingspan of about 8 feet, Dearc was the Jurassic’s largest-known pterosaur and the biggest flying creature that had inhabited Earth to that point in time. Some pterosaurs during the subsequent Cretaceous Period achieved much greater dimensions - as big as fighter jets. But Dearc shows that this scaling up had its origins much earlier. A forensic analysis of its bones indicated this Dearc individual was not fully grown and could have had a 10-foot wingspan as an adult. Dearc weighed very little - probably below 22 pounds - thanks to its hollow, lightweight bones and slender structure, said University of Edinburgh paleontology doctoral student Natalia Jagielska, lead author of the research published in the journal Current Biology. Published in Dawn, February 23rd, 2022 
20220221_173939_pak_C000636_A000009	www.dawn.com	https://www.dawn.com/news/1676564/imran-raring-for-tv-debate-with-modi	PAK	ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Imran Khan has expressed his desire to engage Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a television debate. Mr Khan made the remarks during an interview with Russia’s state-run television network Russia Today on the eve of his two-day visit to Moscow. “I would love to debate Narendra Modi on TV,” Mr Khan said in response to a question during the interview recorded prior to the first visit to Russia by a Pakistani premier in over two decades. He said he would love to talk to his Indian counterpart and it would be great if differences were resolved through dialogue. VIDEO A news agency quoted Mr Khan as saying that it would be great for over a billion people of the subcontinent if differences between the neighbouring countries could be resolved through a debate. Interestingly, Mr Modi is not known to engage in TV debates and hasn’t held a formal news conference since coming to power in 2014. Mr Khan also expressed the hope that one day the Indian government would concentrate on pulling Indians out of poverty rather than focusing on race superiority. Mr Khan recalled that when his party came into power in 2018, he tried to resolve longstanding issue of Occupied Kashmir with Indian through dialogue. However, he regretted that India did not respond positively to his overtures. India that once used to be regarded as a secular country has now been taken over by “mad and racist ideologies”, said Mr Khan. “What is happening in India, is not what Indians are like, this is not India of Nehru and Gandhi,” he said. In response to a question, the prime minister said he would love to emulate China in terms of bringing people out of poverty. The prime minister said that developing countries learned from developed societies and his country was doing the same. “The nation we can learn the most from is China.” Ukraine dispute Talking about Russia’s conflict with the West over Ukraine, the prime minister said he didn’t believe that there was a military solution to any dispute. The developing world was already facing a financial crisis because of the Covid-19 pandemic and it would face more problems due to the said conflict. Mr Khan urged the top leaders of the countries involved to resolve the issues as soon as possible. In response to a question, the prime minister said that greater cooperation between the US and China and “for that matter even with Russia will benefit mankind much more than a conflict”. Islamabad enjoys good relations with Moscow and wants to further strengthen them, said the premier. He also expressed the hope that sanctions on Iran would be lifted soon. Iran could provide gas on low rates but because of the sanctions Pakistan, which is running out of gas reserves, is unable to buy it. Mr Khan also said that Pakistan’s North-South Gas Project with Russia had faced delays because of the sanctions imposed on a Russian company. Published in Dawn, February 23rd, 2022 
20220221_173939_nam_C000638_A000025	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/kerala-news/kpac-lalitha-veteran-malayalam-actor-passes-away-at-74-pinarayi-vijayan-pays-tribute-2783637	NAM	She won two National Film Awards along with four Kerala State Film Awards (File)Kochi: Renowned Malayalam film and stage actor KPAC Lalitha died at the age of 74 on Tuesday at a hospital in Keralas Kochi.In a career spanning five decades, she starred in over 550 films in Malayalam and Tamil. She won two National Film Awards for Best Supporting Actress along with four Kerala State Film Awards. She got the national award for the character in Amaram in 1999 and for Shantham in 2000.She also held the position of the Chairperson of Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy for five years.Born as Maheswari Amma in Kayamkulam of Alappuzha, the actress had joined K.P.A.C (Kerala Peoples Arts Club), a prominent drama troop in Kerala.She was then given the screen-name Lalitha and later when she started acting in movies, the tag K.P.A.C was added to her name.She was married to the late Malayalam filmmaker Bharathan. Siddharth, her son is also a filmmaker and actor in Malayalam cinema.Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has expressed his condolences on the death of Lalitha. Lalitha has become part of the history of an era, penetrating the hearts of different generations with her acting skills, he said.The Chief Minister recalled her contribution as chairperson of Kerala Lalitha Sangeetha Nataka Akademi and said that she has always been associated with the progressive movement.Opposition leader V D Satheesan also condoled the demise of KPAC Lalitha and said she was a unique genius in Malayalam cinema and drama.They made each character unique with her extraordinary acting skills. As an artist, she has offered extreme justice to her characters. She was a school of natural acting, he said. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000638_A000031	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220222125100.htm	NAM	Thanks to their capacity for introspection, human beings are able to estimate the duration of their actions. When they perform a task -- especially a time-based task -- they can evaluate their performance and correct themselves in order to do better next time. This ability is not exclusive to the human species: new research has just demonstrated for the first time that the rat can also do so! These results were obtained in a joint study undertaken by researchers from the Institut des neurosciences Paris-Saclay (CNRS/Université Paris-Saclay), Neurospin (CEA) and a researcher from the Institute of Psychology of the Polish Academy of Sciences. Scientists developed a behavioural task in which rats were taught to press a lever for at least 3.2 seconds. In a second phase, two feeders distributed a reward according to the animals performance: if it completed the task with a small error, just above 3.2 seconds, it received food in the left feeder, and in case of a larger deviation, in the right feeder1. The rats thus learned that the location of the reward depended on their accuracy. In a third stage, the rodents were given a choice of both feeders, but the reward was only distributed after they chose one feeder. The result was that the rats chose the correct side, i.e. the one corresponding to their temporal error -- precise for the left-hand feeder or not precise for the right-hand one -- and, confident in finding food there, they did this all the more quickly. The research team explains this behaviour by the animals past experience (track record of rewards obtained), but also by the rats analysis of their performance: during each trial, the rodents evaluated the precision with which they had carried out the task requested and were able to engage in error monitoring. Demonstrating this ability in rats opens doors to new kinds of animal research to better understand these behaviours in humans. How does the brain assess temporal errors? This fundamental question in neuroscience underlies the learning process. Future research will be able to deepen fundamental knowledge on the mechanisms and brain structures involved in our internal representation of time. Notes 1- Error thresholds were adjusted for each rat, depending on the performance of each animal. Story Source: provided by . Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000641_A000029	www.balkantravellers.com	https://www.balkantravellers.com/study-says-black-carbon-pollution-from-tourism-and-research-is-increasing-the-melting-of-antarctic-ice-in-antarctica/	SGP	Black carbon pollution from tourism and research activities in Ice melt on the continent is likely to increase by about 83 tons per visitor, according to new research. Scientists have estimated that the black carbon produced by ships, planes and diesel generators leads to an additional 23 mm of snow melt each summer in the most visited areas of land covered in ice. More than 74,000 tourists visited Antarctica in nearly double the numbers of . A team of researchers sampled snow annually between 2016 and 2020 at 28 sites stretching 2,000 kilometers from the northern tip of Antarctica to the Ellsworth Mountains. They focused primarily on the Antarctic Peninsula, where about half of the research facilities on the continent are located and where an estimated 95% of Antarctic tours are conducted. The team estimated that 53,000 tourists visited Antarctica annually between 2016 and 2020. Study co-author Dr. Raul Cordero, from the University of Santiago in Chile, said Antarctic snows were the cleanest on Earth, with base levels of black carbon typically around one part per billion. “That’s 1,000 times less than what you can find in the Himalayas, and 100 times less than what you can find in the Andes or the Rockies,” he said. Subscribe to receive the hottest news from Guardian Australia every morning. Black carbon levels were two to four times higher at sites on the Antarctic Peninsula than in other parts of the continent. What the black carbon does is make the snow darker [so it] “It absorbs more solar radiation,” Cordero said. “This extra energy speeds up the melting of the ice.” It is believed that a limit on the number of tourists to Antarctica may need to be introduced. The team quantified the potential melting of snow by calculating how black carbon pollution has reduced snow whiteness – a measure of how well the surface reflects solar energy. The researchers suggest using alternatives to diesel to power Antarctic facilities, such as wind. Photo: Raul Cordero/University of Santiago, Chile They calculated that the black carbon footprint of an Antarctic researcher was about 10 times larger than that of a tourist. “We estimated that … the snow that melts faster due to the researcher’s activities would be closer to 1,000 tons,” Cordero said. “Every researcher uses ships, planes, helicopters, generators – and everyone uses diesel to power these.” Cordero said that while the amount of snowmelt from pollution is much less than the ice and snow lost due to global warming, the study highlights the need to move to renewable energy sources. “There are technical alternatives to diesel that can be used in Antarctica,” he said, citing the Belgian research station, which is mainly driven by wind. Professor Andrew McIntosh, chair of the School of Atmosphere and Environment at Monash University, who was not involved in the research, said the link between It was well established in other parts of the world. “On the Antarctic Peninsula, the two main processes [affecting melting] Warming oceans would still be melting ice layers from below, or warming surface air temperatures that are melting ice from above,” McIntosh said. “If we have a greater surface temperature rise [the] Decades to centuries to come, as predicted for the Antarctic Peninsula, the extra black carbon at the surface will cause more melt than otherwise would have occurred.” “Human activity is causing the polar regions to warm, but burning… [fossil] The fuel has a direct consequence in terms of surface melting as well.” “If you can get rid of greenhouse gases in the first place, you will reduce the temperature rise,” he said. “There is also the added benefit of reducing the opacity of ice surfaces.” “Antarctica is the last fairly unpolluted continent,” Cordero said. “I think we should try to keep it that way.” The study was published in the peer-reviewed journal . 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000643_A000003	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/europe/live-news/ukraine-russia-news-02-22-22/index.html	BWA	Minutes after US President Joe Biden announced and elites Tuesday, a senior FBI cyber official asked US businesses and local governments to be mindful of the potential for ransomware attacks as the crisis over the Kremlin’s invasion of Ukraine deepens. Russia is a “permissive operating environment” for cybercriminals, one that “is not going to get any smaller” as Russia’s confrontation with the West over Ukraine continues and further sanctions are announced, the FBI’s David Ring said on a phone briefing with private executives and state and local officials, according to two people who were on the call. Ring asked state and local officials and business executives to consider how ransomware attacks could disrupt the provision of critical services, the people on the call said. US officials continue to say there are “no specific, credible” threats to the US homeland tied to tensions with Russia over Ukraine, but they are preaching vigilance.The willingness of Russian-speaking cybercriminals to disrupt US critical infrastructure has been a US concern for years, but came to a head last year when a ransomware attack forced major fuel transporter for days. The phone call was one of a series of recurring briefings that FBI and Department of Homeland Security officials have had for US companies and local governments in the last two months in light of US tensions with Russia over Ukraine. It was scheduled before it was clear that Biden was addressing Russia’s latest moves in Ukraine on Tuesday. The US President against Russian entities for Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to recognize two breakaway regions in Ukraine and send troops there. The US could also see “a possible increase in cyber threat activity” from Russian state-backed hackers as a result of those sanctions, Ring said, according to the people on the call. “DHS has been engaging in an outreach campaign to ensure that public and private sector partners are aware of evolving cybersecurity risks and taking steps to increase their cybersecurity preparedness,” a DHS spokesperson said in a statement.CNN has requested comment from the FBI. The extortion of Colonial Pipeline underscored for Biden administration officials the economic and national security threat posed by ransomware. The incident triggered long lines at gas stations in multiple US states and prompted Biden to call on Russian President Vladimir Putin to rein in cybercriminals operating from Russian soil. More background: While ransomware attacks on US organizations by Russian-speaking hackers have continued, Russian authorities have dangled the prospect of cracking down on some groups in recent months, as the standoff of Ukraine brewed. The US believes Russia has detained the person responsible for the Colonial Pipeline hack, but any cooperation between the two governments on cybercrime could be elusive if relations further deteriorate over Ukraine, according to some analysts. After the cyberattacks on Ukrainian government and banking websites last week that the Biden administration blamed on Russia’s military intelligence directorate, US officials continue to see Russian cyber operations as likely playing a role in any further military invasion. In the event of a larger conflict between Russia and Ukraine, US officials are concerned that transportation networks and broadcast media in Ukraine could be shut down by kinetic or cyberattacks, Matthew Hackner, an official in DHS’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis, said on Tuesday’s phone briefing, according to people on the call. 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000659_A000028	www.express.co.uk	https://www.express.co.uk/sport/golf/1570308/Phil-Mickelson-regrets-Saudi-Golf-League-comments-golf-news	GBR	In his apology statement, Mickelson said: I have made a lot of mistakes in my life and many have been shared with the public. My intent was never to hurt anyone and Im so sorry to the people I have negatively impacted.This has always been about supporting the players and the game and I appreciate all the people who have given me the benefit of the doubt.Mickelson used part of the statement, though, to drive home his belief that the Golf Super League would be a positive thing for the sport.The specific people I have worked with are visionaries and have only been supportive, he added. More importantly they passionately love golf and share my drive to make the game better.They have a clear plan to create an updated and positive experience for everyone including players, sponsors, networks and fans.Rounding off the statement, he announced that he would be taking a break from golf for an unspecified length of time. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000676_A000032	www.upi.com	https://www.upi.com/Science_News/2022/02/23/nasa-international-space-station-russia-ukraine-aggression-astronauts/5931645560018/	NAM	1/5 Experts say that Russian aggression against Ukraine could strain the relationship between the United States, Russia and other international partners in the International Space Station, pictured in 2018. Photo courtesy of NASA ORLANDO, Fla., Feb. 23 (UPI) -- The crisis over Russias Ukrainian aggression presents NASA and other space agencies with the most serious diplomatic strain in the 22-year history of the International Space Station partnership, experts said. Russia is a major partner with the United States, Europe, Japan and Canada in the space stations maintenance and operation. Russia provides critical cargo and crew transport, along with engines that fire periodically to keep the station aloft. Cosmonauts and astronauts often work side-by-side in the orbiting laboratory. NASA safety advisers are watching closely as the crisis deepens, Patricia Sanders, chairwoman of the space agencys independent Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, told UPI in an email. We already have concerns for safety of ISS and for U.S./NASA personnel in Russia with the space program, Sanders said. The partnership is unlikely to dissolve immediately, but NASA may be prompted to accelerate plans to build commercial space stations if the crisis deepens, Jeff Manber, a president with Denver-based Voyager Space, told UPI. Manber formerly worked in Russia for a key spacecraft company there, RKK Energia. Clearly, the charmed life of the ISS is facing its biggest challenge yet, Manber said, referring to Russian President Vladimir Putins announcement Monday that he would send troops into Eastern Ukrainian separatist regions. There is a very high probability that there will be fallout for the ISS partners on the International Space Station, but it wont be today, Manber said. My feeling is the critical juncture will be 2024, in terms of whether Russia remains a partner and whether we wish them to remain a partner. NASA recently decided to extend the lifespan of the 22-year-old ISS to 2030 from 2028, partly to allow more time for private companies to develop replacements for the space station. The facility remains in good condition, but NASA due to heightened risk as it ages. The conduct and tone struck by Russias space agency, Roscosmos, and its director general, , will be key to the survival of the partnership, Manber said. If Rogozin behaves as a space agency head, then the partnership will weather this crisis. If he behaves as a proud and loyal supporter of incursion into Ukraine, it ... could imperil the partnership, he said. Among other things, Putin said Monday that Ukraine never had a tradition of genuine statehood, and described threats to Russia that will prompt retaliatory measures. After Putins speech, Rogozin , Glory to Russia! according to a translation. Manber said that statement alerted him to the potential for greater problems down the road for the space station partnership. The greatest supporter for working with Russia has always been the Europeans. Theyre the ones who asked America to cooperate with Russia more. And yet here, this Ukraine situation is a gut punch to the Europeans, Manber said. The ISS partnership with Russia previously weathered Russias annexation of the Crimean Peninsula, formerly part of Ukraine in 2014, Todd Harrison, a director with the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said in an interview. In the past, our cooperation on space programs with Russia has not been affected by our geopolitics on the ground, Harrison said. But things change and, you know, it could be different this time around, although I dont think it will be. Russia and the United States in the space station, and neither nation can operate it easily without the other, he said. The facility is also a major point of pride for the Russian space program, he said. Plus, the loss of the ISS would affect a lot of others besides just the United States. It affects all of our other partners, Harrison said. The United States has one advantage it didnt have in 2014, however: SpaceX Dragon capsules , four at a time, to the station. But Harrison said NASA would be hard-pressed to adapt a U.S. craft to replace Russian vehicles that help to keep the ISS in orbit. I dont think that this could lead us to abandon the station and move to commercial substantially sooner than already planned, Harrison said. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches NASAs third crew to the International Space Station at 9:03 p.m. November 10 from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Photo by Joe Marino/UPI | 
20220221_173939_nga_C000680_A000004	guardian.ng	https://guardian.ng/news/reps-wades-into-asuu-strike-insists-government-must-honour-mou/	NGA	• Activist blames FG as govt assures early resolution • Nasarawa varsity compliance comprehensive, says chairman The House of Representatives has intervened in the ongoing industrial action embarked upon by the members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). Adopting a motion sponsored by Mr. Dozie Nwankwo at plenary, yesterday, presided by the Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila, the House urged the Ministry of Labour and Employment and ASUU to adhere to the provisions of the previous Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and Memorandum of Action (MoA). The House called on the lecturers to call off the warning strike in the interest of Nigerian students and education sector. The lawmakers, thereby, mandated the Committees on Labour, Employment and Productivity as well as Tertiary Education and Services to interface with the concerned ministries, Civil Society Organisations, Nigeria Inter-Religious Council (NIREC) and ASUU to address the outstanding issues responsible for the strike. Nwankwo argued that the consequences of the strike were embarrassingly becoming too frequent and with consequences too damning to the education sector, as “one month strike is a too much disruption to an academic calendar” and too much time for an idle mind to cause havoc. HOWEVER, the Federal Government has been blamed for allowing the industrial action by ASUU. Chairman, Awka branch of the Nigerian Bar Association, Emmanuel Okechukwu (Jr), took the stand yesterday, in Awka, while reacting to the ASUU ongoing strike. ASUU has embarked on a one month warning strike from Monday, February 14 2022, citing government’s failure to implement the MoU and MoA it signed the government as well as government’s poor commitment to the payment of Academic Earned Allowance (EAA). According to the activist, breaching the agreement, which it reached with the union in 2009, is an indication of disregard of education in Nigeria. BUT, the Federal Government has assured that the warning strike will not snowball into full-scale industrial action. At the resumed conciliation meeting with the union, yesterday, in Abuja, the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige, said government was surprised ASUU negated the understanding and assurances it gave through NIREC led by the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, and the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev. Supo Ayokunle. ASUU President, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke, also blamed the Federal Government for the strike, alleging that apart from not implementing the 2020 MOA, government also failed to convene the regular implementation monitoring meeting as agreed. ASUU insisted that suspending the industrial action depended entirely on the Federal Government, as members were determined not shift ground until their demands are met. CHAIRMAN of ASUU in Nasarawa State University, Keffi (NSUK), Dr. Samuel Alu, has said that his members complied fully to the nationwide strike by the national body. Alu made this known in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Keffi, yesterday. He said that since the institution’s chapter joined the strike on February 16, compliance had been total, as all members had stopped academic work. “I want to let you know that without mincing words, compliance in NSUK is total and comprehensive. Academic activities have been grounded, in line with the instructions of our national body,” he said. 
20220221_173939_nga_C000680_A000007	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/kwankwaso-galadima-others-third-force-vows-to-dislodge-apc-promises-restructuring/	NGA	Published 23 February 2022 A former governor of Kano State, Musa Kwankwaso on Tuesday joined forces with his associates, former political opponents and those he described as “progressives” to seize power from the All Progressives Congress in 2023. He also pledged to restructure the country, describing it as “possible.” Kwankwaso, also a former Minister of Defence, bared his mind during the inauguration of Third Force under the aegis of The National Movement convened by him to actualise his political mandate. The formation of the Third Force with the slogan: ‘Save Nigeria, Rescue the Nation’, came a day after Kwankwaso said the APC and the Peoples Democratic Party have nothing new to offer Nigerians. Some prominent Nigerians who attended the event include elder statesman and nationalist, Alhaji Tanko Yakasai; Buhari’s ally-turned fiercest critic, Buba Galadima; former Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Solomon Dalung; a former Senator from Kaduna State, Suleiman Hunkuyi; former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu; Alhaji Ari Gwaska, Senator Grace Folashade-Bent; Chief Solomon Edoda; Senator Umale Shittu; Ibrahim Ringim; Chief Paul Okala; Rufai Hanga; Idris Wada; Alhaji Ali Gwaska; Prince Nweze Onu; Prof. Rufai Ahmed and former Vice-Chancellor, University of Ilorin, Prof. Oba Abduraheem, among others. Speaking at the inauguration, Kwankwaso, who is currently a member of the PDP said it was the collective desire of the movement to rescue Nigeria from the socio-economic quagmire the country is currently going through. “The mission of The National Movement is to ensure that Nigeria shall be a land of justice, freedom and equal opportunities where all citizens shall aspire to achieve their lifetime goals and ambitions, to live in peace, prosperity, and happiness. “Today (Tuesday) is a special day in the history of Nigeria, a special day in the life of our great nation and a special day for all those of us who are desirous of working together collectively to redeem our nation. “For too long, Nigerians have been waiting for this moment. For too long, Nigerians have been asking for a way out of our current severe economic and political predicament. For too long Friends of Nigeria both at home and abroad have been looking forward to the day Nigeria shall rise again. “I am pleased to say, the place is here and the time is today and now. Today, 22-02-2022, being both an ambigram and a palindrome, is consciously chosen as a historic day on which we the people of Nigeria, cutting across all social, political, religious and ethnic backgrounds and affiliations, are assembled here to launch this extraordinary National Movement,” he stated. While blaming corruption for the challenges in the country, he promised a ‘Marshall Plan’ to tackle corruption and rescue Nigeria from its socio-economic challenges. He said, “No aspect of our national development will progress without finding a final solution to the issue of corruption, nepotism, and lack of national spread in the allocation of resources and representation at all levels of government.” Kwankwaso, who said that the movement was hatched during the 2020 coronavirus lockdown, also pledged that the principles of federal character would be observed and fully respected in all the movement’s policies and programmes. He said, “For too long, nepotism and crass nepotistic insensitivities and elite selfishness have robbed Nigeria of the talents, capacities and opportunities of its citizens. TNM will resolutely take all necessary measures to ensure that hard work and talent are fully recognized and rewarded.” According to him, the movement which has the aim of salvaging Nigeria from poverty, insecurity, wasted resources and untapped potential, amongst others, cuts across all Nigerians irrespective of social, ethnic and regions affiliations, adding that “It is our collective resolve to rescue our nation from this difficult situation.” The former defence minister added, “We resolved that there must be a Nigeria first before politics. While some of us will want to contest, we must work together to rescue the country. “Agitations of many sections of our beloved country for restructuring and realignment and resource control. We believe that the voice of the people is sacred, the voice of all our people, together, is the voice of God. “Therefore, restructuring the corporate units of our great country is possible and doable. As vowed democrats, we are ready and prepared to act in concert with the wishes and desires comprehensively of all our people.” Other speakers, including Alhali, Galadima and Dalung who apologised to Nigerians and sought their forgiveness for leading the campaign for APC, told Nigerians to rise to the challenge of bringing about positive change in 2023. Galadima said he was forced to apologize to Nigerians because during the campaign they did not promise that a bag of rice would be N35,000 and that Nigerians were not promised that they would be raped and killed in their houses. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: 
20220221_173939_aus_C000682_A000035	www.crikey.com.au	https://www.crikey.com.au/2022/02/23/astrazeneca-clotting-risk-overhyped/	AUS	Get Access Code. Enter your email address and Crikey will send a Verification Code Enter the Verification Code sent to to confirm your account.The Verification Code will expire in 1 hour. Want some assistance? Contact us on: support@crikey.com.au or call the hotline: +61 (03) 8623 9900. 
20220221_173939_ken_C000689_A000002	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/world/2022-02-23-west-unveils-sanctions-with-more-ready-if-russia-launches-full-scale-ukraine-invasion/	KEN	GAS PIPELINE HALTEDIn perhaps the most significant measure announced on Tuesday, Germany halted the $11 billion Nord Stream 2 pipeline owned by Russian state-owned gas giant Gazprom , a move likely to raise gas prices in Europe.Built and awaiting German approval, the pipeline had been set to ease the pressure on European consumers facing record energy prices but critics including the United States have long argued it would increase Europes energy dependence on Russia.German Economy Minister Robert Habeck warned that gas prices in Europe were likely to rise in the short term. Dmitry Medvedev, Russias former president and now deputy chairman of its Security Council, suggested prices could double.Welcome to the new world where Europeans will soon have to pay 2,000 euros per thousand cubic metres! he said on Twitter.The Kremlin said it hoped the Nord Stream delay was temporary and Putin said Russia aims to continue uninterrupted supplies of energy to the world.U.S. sanctions target Russian elites and two state-owned banks, excluding them from the U.S. banking system, banning them from trading with Americans, and freezing their U.S. assets. They also seek to deny the Russian government access to Western financing. The U.S. sanctions applied to VEB bank and Russias military bank, Promsvyazbank, which does defence deals. Russias two largest commercial lenders, Sberbank and VTB, would face American sanctions if Moscow proceeded with its invasion of Ukraine, a U.S. official said.Biden said that while more sanctions were being prepared in the event of a full-scale Russian invasion, it was critical to ensure such measures did not hurt Americans in the form of steeper energy costs.Crude oil futures on Tuesday reached their highest levels since 2014.A U.S. State Department official said sanctions that could be imposed in the near future will not target oil and gas flows. Britain announced sanctions on three billionaires with close links to Putin, and five smaller lenders including Promsvyazbank.The European Union has agreed to blacklist banks involved in financing separatists in eastern Ukraine and to cut the Russian government out of its debt markets. 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000690_A000032	www.upi.com	https://www.upi.com/Science_News/2022/02/23/nasa-international-space-station-russia-ukraine-aggression-astronauts/5931645560018/	BWA	1/5 Experts say that Russian aggression against Ukraine could strain the relationship between the United States, Russia and other international partners in the International Space Station, pictured in 2018. Photo courtesy of NASA ORLANDO, Fla., Feb. 23 (UPI) -- The crisis over Russias Ukrainian aggression presents NASA and other space agencies with the most serious diplomatic strain in the 22-year history of the International Space Station partnership, experts said. Russia is a major partner with the United States, Europe, Japan and Canada in the space stations maintenance and operation. Russia provides critical cargo and crew transport, along with engines that fire periodically to keep the station aloft. Cosmonauts and astronauts often work side-by-side in the orbiting laboratory. NASA safety advisers are watching closely as the crisis deepens, Patricia Sanders, chairwoman of the space agencys independent Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, told UPI in an email. We already have concerns for safety of ISS and for U.S./NASA personnel in Russia with the space program, Sanders said. The partnership is unlikely to dissolve immediately, but NASA may be prompted to accelerate plans to build commercial space stations if the crisis deepens, Jeff Manber, a president with Denver-based Voyager Space, told UPI. Manber formerly worked in Russia for a key spacecraft company there, RKK Energia. Clearly, the charmed life of the ISS is facing its biggest challenge yet, Manber said, referring to Russian President Vladimir Putins announcement Monday that he would send troops into Eastern Ukrainian separatist regions. There is a very high probability that there will be fallout for the ISS partners on the International Space Station, but it wont be today, Manber said. My feeling is the critical juncture will be 2024, in terms of whether Russia remains a partner and whether we wish them to remain a partner. NASA recently decided to extend the lifespan of the 22-year-old ISS to 2030 from 2028, partly to allow more time for private companies to develop replacements for the space station. The facility remains in good condition, but NASA due to heightened risk as it ages. The conduct and tone struck by Russias space agency, Roscosmos, and its director general, , will be key to the survival of the partnership, Manber said. If Rogozin behaves as a space agency head, then the partnership will weather this crisis. If he behaves as a proud and loyal supporter of incursion into Ukraine, it ... could imperil the partnership, he said. Among other things, Putin said Monday that Ukraine never had a tradition of genuine statehood, and described threats to Russia that will prompt retaliatory measures. After Putins speech, Rogozin , Glory to Russia! according to a translation. Manber said that statement alerted him to the potential for greater problems down the road for the space station partnership. The greatest supporter for working with Russia has always been the Europeans. Theyre the ones who asked America to cooperate with Russia more. And yet here, this Ukraine situation is a gut punch to the Europeans, Manber said. The ISS partnership with Russia previously weathered Russias annexation of the Crimean Peninsula, formerly part of Ukraine in 2014, Todd Harrison, a director with the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said in an interview. In the past, our cooperation on space programs with Russia has not been affected by our geopolitics on the ground, Harrison said. But things change and, you know, it could be different this time around, although I dont think it will be. Russia and the United States in the space station, and neither nation can operate it easily without the other, he said. The facility is also a major point of pride for the Russian space program, he said. Plus, the loss of the ISS would affect a lot of others besides just the United States. It affects all of our other partners, Harrison said. The United States has one advantage it didnt have in 2014, however: SpaceX Dragon capsules , four at a time, to the station. But Harrison said NASA would be hard-pressed to adapt a U.S. craft to replace Russian vehicles that help to keep the ISS in orbit. I dont think that this could lead us to abandon the station and move to commercial substantially sooner than already planned, Harrison said. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches NASAs third crew to the International Space Station at 9:03 p.m. November 10 from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Photo by Joe Marino/UPI | 
20220221_173939_bwa_C000690_A000033	www.sciencealert.com	https://www.sciencealert.com/the-moon-has-glass-balls	BWA	Chinas has made another fascinating discovery on the far side of . Glistening amid the dry, gray dust, the rovers panoramic camera picked out two small intact spheres of translucent glass. Such spherules can record information about the Moons history, including the composition of its mantle and impact events. Yutu-2 was unable to obtain compositional data, but these natural lunar marbles could be important research targets in the future.Glass isnt , as it happens. The material forms when silicate material is subjected to high temperature, and both of those ingredients are readily available on the Moon.In the lunar past, there was extensive volcanism, leading to the formation of volcanic glass; and impacts from smaller objects such as meteorites also generate intense heat, resulting in the formation of glass.The latter is what could be behind the spherules observed by Yutu-2, according to a team of scientists led by planetary geologist Zhiyong Xiao of Sun Yat-sen University and the Chinese Academy of Sciences.Its hard to know for sure, though, because most of the glass found on the Moon to date looks different from the spherules discovered by Yutu-2. There are spherules up there aplenty, but they tend to be less than a millimeter in size. Here on Earth, such tiny glass spherules are created during an impact, generating such intense heat that the crust melts and sprays into the air. The molten material hardens and falls back down as .Yutu-2s spherules are much larger, at 15 to 25 millimeters across. That alone doesnt make them unique; glass balls up to 40 millimeters across were recovered from the Moons near side during the Apollo 16 mission. These were traced to a nearby crater, and are thought to be impact spherules also.But there are differences between the two discoveries. As Xiao and his colleagues explain, the far side spherules seem to be translucent or semi-transparent, and have a vitreous luster. In addition to the two that seem to be translucent, they found four more spherules that have a similar luster, but their translucency could not be confirmed.These spherules were found near fresh impact craters, which could suggest that they formed during lunar meteorite impacts, although its possible that they were already present, buried below the surface and were merely excavated by impacts.However, the team believes that the most likely explanation is that they formed from volcanic glass called anorthosite that melted again on impact, re-forming into translucent round globs.Collectively, the peculiar morphology, geometry, and local context of the glass globules are consistent with being anorthositic impact glasses, .This could make the objects the lunar equivalent of terrestrial formations called – pebble-sized glassy objects that form when Earth material melts, sprays into the air, and hardens and forms into a ball as it falls back down, like a larger version of those tiny spherules.We cant know for sure without studying their composition, but if they are lunar tektites, they might be quite common on the lunar surface. This offers some tantalizing possibilities for future research, the team says.As the first discovery of macroscopic and translucent glass globules on the Moon, this study predicts that such globules should be abundant across the lunar highland, providing promising sampling targets to reveal the early impact history of the Moon, .The paper detailing the discovery has been published in . 
20220221_173939_irl_C000700_A000003	www.thejournal.ie	https://www.thejournal.ie/leo-varadkar-facebook-corporate-tax-rate-oecd-deal-5689766-Feb2022/	IRL	#Open journalism No news is bad news Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you 
20220221_173939_isr_C000705_A000029	www.autosport.com	https://www.autosport.com/f1/live-text/f1-barcelona-pre-season-test-day-1/1112940/	ISR	All 10 teams are in action for the first official track running in the new era of F1, as the teams begin testing the new cars devised under the new technical regulations. Track action gets underway at 8am GMT, while Haas is presenting its VF-22 F1 car to the media in the pitlane before the track opens, with the opening day finishing at 5pm GMT. The day will be split by a one-hour lunch break (12pm-1pm GMT) which can be reduced if requested due to lost track time from either red flags or poor weather conditions. The opening day will provide the first real look at all of the 2022 F1 cars from every team, to see which teams have got it right and which have work to do. While never fully taken as the true pecking order, due to teams hiding outright performance levels by sandbagging their speeds, the tests still reveal an overview while giving teams which are struggling nowhere to hide. The Barcelona shakedown test, conducted without live TV coverage or live timing, runs between 23-25 February. A second official test will follow in Bahrain on 10-12 March ahead of the 2022 F1 season opener at the same venue, the Bahrain Grand Prix, on 18-20 March. 
20220221_173939_sgp_C000706_A000005	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/tanglin-shopping-centre-sold-s868-million-4th-collective-sale-attempt-2514501	SGP	ICONIC DEVELOPMENT, SEAMLESSLY CONNECTS AMENITIES Tanglin Shopping Centre, a freehold site, stands at 68,512 sq ft. It is zoned commercial with an allowable gross plot ratio of 4.2, and has a height control of up to 20 storeys. The shopping centre is currently a 12-storey commercial complex with two basement levels and an annex eight-storey car park. There are 364 units in the building. The main complex of the building was built in the 1970s, while the office tower extension was completed in early 1980s. In the main complex, retail and office units are located from Basement 2 to the sixth storey of the podium block, while the seventh to 12th storeys of the tower block comprise office units. “Tanglin Shopping Centre is one of Singapore’s earliest retail landmarks and occupies a prominent location next to the St Regis Hotel in the Orchard Road enclave. Pacific Eagle Real Estate is honoured to have the opportunity to create an iconic development befitting the property’s heritage and its frontage along one of our island’s most important streets, said Mr Sun You Ning, director at Pacific Eagle Real Estate. Pacific Eagle Real Estate previously purchased en bloc Chinatown Plaza, which is now being redeveloped into a luxury lifestyle hotel, Mondrian Singapore Duxton. 
20220221_173939_phl_C000714_A000004	www.rappler.com	https://www.rappler.com/nation/philippines-main-concern-safety-workers-russia-ukraine-crisis/	PHL	Foreign Secretary Teodoro Locsin Jr. says efforts are underway to repatriate workers who want to return to the Philippines MANILA, Philippines – As tensions between Russia and continue to escalate, the Philippine government said on Wednesday, February 23, that its “chief concern” is the safety of overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) who may be affected by the conflict. “Our chief and singular concern is to take out of harm’s way our fellow Filipinos in Ukraine and bringing them to the nearest places of safety by the fastest possible way,” Foreign Secretary . said. The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) earlier counted over 300 Filipinos living in Ukraine. Locsin said efforts are underway to repatriate workers who want to return to the Philippines. The Philippine embassy in Warsaw, Poland, which oversees the situation of Filipinos in Ukraine, earlier sent a consular team to Lviv, a western Ukrainian town close to Poland’s border, last Thursday, February 17, to establish an emergency contact base. In coordination with the Philippine honorary consulate general in Kyiv, the presence of a consular team would ensure “immediate assistance” to OFWs, the DFA said. Philippine officials have since met with Filipino groups who temporarily relocated to the Lviv and Ivano-Frankivsk areas from Kyiv as a precautionary measure. At least six other Filipinos had returned to the Philippines as of Friday, February 18. Filipinos in Ukraine who need repatriation assistance were advised to contact the Philippine embassy in Warsaw through the following: Email: Emergency mobile number: +48 604 357 396Office mobile number: +48 694 491 663 Tensions between Russia and Ukraine have intensified in recent days as Russian President ordered the deployment of troops to two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine, after recognizing them as independent on Monday, February 21. Putin’s move accelerated a crisis the West fears could unleash a major war. The United States, European Union, and Britain condemned the move and announced new sanctions against Russia. On Monday, former Philippine foreign secretary Albert del Rosario called on Russia to respect Ukraine’s sovereignty and abide by international law. He cautioned that events in the Baltics would have “consequential implications” in Asia. “Sovereignty is a core norm of that community, and rule of law is the tie that binds all of us in that unity. A violation in one part of the body causes pain on another. We are all intertwined in that one precarious community,” Del Rosario said. The Philippines’ former top diplomat then warned against staying silent on Russia’s actions, which could undermine the rule of law that “arguably preserved world peace since the last world war.” “Keeping a deliberate blind eye on these violations or threats to fundamental principles of international law including respect for the sovereignty of another, regardless of wherever they occur…will eventually reduce that community into a precarious association of the mighty and powerful governed by the law of the jungle where might is right. In this scenario, small power-states would have no relevance,” Del Rosario said. – with reports from Reuters/Rappler.com 
20220221_173939_phl_C000714_A000016	www.zigwheels.ph	https://www.zigwheels.ph/car-news/all-new-toyota-avanza-arrives-mar-7-to-start-at-p813k	PHL	MANILA: Motor Philippines (TMP) has just announced that it will launch the all-new on March 7. KEY TAKEAWAYS How much will the all-new Toyota Avanza retail for? Toyota Motor Philippines said the all-new Avanza will come in four variants, with the range starting at P813,000. What are the new features of the all-new Avanza? The all-new Avanza is now expected to be front-wheel drive and is underpinned by a new platform that is also used by the Raize. With a P813,000 starting price, the all-new Avanza will come in four grades and five colors, TMP said. On March 7, the launch program for the all-new Avanza will commence happen via the Toyota Motor Philippines account on Facebook. Meanwhile, TMPs dealerships will accept customer reservations for the new MPV starting March 1. The local Toyota company added that it will reveal the full specifications and feature list of the all-new Avanza soon. In the, it is powered by a 1.5-liter four-cylinder unit generating 106ps and 137Nm of torque. The engine is paired to a CVT unit. Compared to the outgoing Avanza with rear-wheel-drive layout and solid rear axle construction, this third-generation Avanza uses a front-wheel-drive layout. Paired to this layout are front MacPherson struts and a rear torsion beam to give a more car-like ride quality. Photos from Toyota Thailand Also read: 
20220221_173939_phl_C000714_A000022	www.prnewswire.com	https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oppo-unveils-latest-sustainability-achievements-as-it-sets-to-showcase-green-technologies-at-mwc-2022-301488217.html	PHL	Alongside its own actions, OPPO has also been working closely with other partners to promote sustainability: For two consecutive years, OPPO has partnered with National Geographic to support the protection of endangered species through the OPPO Endangered Color Campaign. OPPO was one of the first to join the Eco Rating Labeling Scheme and perform well. The scheme is initiated by leading European mobile operators to evaluate the environmental performance of mobile phones in five key areas: durability, repairability, recyclability, climate efficiency. Aside from its efforts on environment protection, OPPO has long taken actions to contribute to sustainable development, with focus on key areas including digital inclusion, health and wellbeing, and youth empowerment. For example, OPPO developed the Color Vision Enhancement feature which offers 766 display profiles, providing personalized solution for people with color vision impairment. OPPO has long taken actions to empower young people. For three consecutive years, OPPO has also run its Renovators Emerging Artists Project, which provides a platform for young creatives to conceptualise how art and technology will intertwine in the future. OPPO will exhibit at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2022 in Barcelona under the theme, Shape the Future. During MWC 2022, OPPO will showcase its innovative mobile technologies, latest achievements in AR and 5G, and success stories in sustainability. In-person visitors can find OPPOs Booth at #3M10, Hall 3, Fira Gran Via, Barcelona from February 28th to March 3rd 2022. OPPO will host a keynote presentation at Central European Time 15:00pm on February 28th. Everyone is welcome to visit OPPOs MWC booth or join through the live stream on .Learn more about OPPOs 2021 Sustainability Report .About OPPOOPPO is a leading global technology brand since 2004, dedicated to providing products that seamlessly combines art and innovative technology.OPPO is on a mission to building a multiple-access smart device ecosystem for the era of intelligent connectivity. The smartphone devices have simply been a gateway for OPPO to deliver a diverse portfolio of smart and frontier technologies in hardware, software and system. In 2019, OPPO launched a $7 Billion US Dollar three-year investment plan in R&D to develop core technologies furthering design through technology.OPPO is firmly pursuing the creation of the best technology products and technological artistry for global users. Based on the brand elements of leading, young and beautiful, OPPO dedicates to the mission of letting the extraordinary users enjoy the beauty of technology.For the last 10 years, OPPO has focused on manufacturing smartphones with camera capabilities that are second to none. OPPO launched the first mobile phone, the Smile Phone, in 2008, which marked the launch of the brands epic journey in exploring and pioneering extraordinary technology. Over the years, OPPO has built a tradition of being number one, which became a reality through inventing the worlds first rotating camera smartphone way back in 2013, launching the worlds then thinnest smartphone in 2014, being the first to introduce 5X Zoom Periscope camera technology and developing the first 5G commercial smartphone in Europe.Today, OPPO was ranked as the number four smartphone brand globally. OPPO brings the aesthetics of technology of global consumers through the ColorOS system Experience, and Internet service like OPPO Cloud and OPPO+.OPPOs business covers 40 countries with over six research institutes and five R&D centers across the world, from San Francisco to Shenzhen. OPPO also opened an International Design Centre headquartered in London, driving cutting edge technology that will shape the future not only for smartphones but for intelligent connectivity.About OPPO MEAOPPO started its journey in the Middle East and Africa (MEA) region in 2015 after setting up its regional office in Egypt. Following the immense success of the brands sales centre in Cairo in the first year, OPPO accelerated its expansion plan across the MEA region and inaugurated its country operations in the UAE in 2019. Now OPPO is physically present in more than 13 markets across the region, including Egypt, Algeria, Tunisia, Morocco, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Kuwait, Qatar, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa and the Levant.To empower its presence in the region in line with its product localisation strategy, OPPO further invested in MENA and set up its very own factory in Algeria in 2017, thus, becoming the first Chinese brand to build a manufacturing premises in North Africa. Based on insights of local consumers in each country, OPPO has evolved the progress of product localisation, taking into consideration several perspectives towards each market, including product localisation, to further meet the core needs of users; marketing localisation, to better communicate with local young customers; and talent localisation, to understand local consumers further and provide an optimum customer service.Within the last year, OPPO has started to adjust its product line in the Middle East region specifically. This has included the launch of its flagship OPPO Find X Series and the introduction of the . OPPO will continue to evolve its local product line to offer more premium series to consumers in the region.A forward-thinking international technology company, OPPO strives to be a sustainable company that contributes to a better world and have enacted positive change in every way possible through activating local community initiatives and humanitarian, charity campaigns.Photo - Photo - Logo - SOURCE OPPO 
20220221_173939_ind_C000725_A000024	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/malayalam/kpac-lalitha-dead-malayalam-cinema-mourns-mammootty-mohanlal-prithviraj-7786600/	IND	Maheshwari Amma, who was popularly known by her stage name KPAC Lalitha, passed away on Tuesday night in Kochi. The 74-year-old actor was battling a liver-related ailment for a long time, which also forced her to retire from the movies sooner than she would have liked. In her long and decorated acting career, she has performed a variety of roles, from playing the female protagonist to comedy roles to supporting cast. As a character artist, she has also worked in many movies in Tamil. Born in Kayamkulam in 1948, she entered the performing arts through Kerala People’s Arts Club, which is dedicated to spreading the ideology of Left-wing politics through plays. And when she entered the movies, she adopted the initials of her drama troupe and came to be known as KPAC Lalitha. It was director K. S. Sethumadhavan who gave her screen name when he launched her in movies with Koottukudumbam (1969), which is the big-screen adaptation of a play by KPAC. And she never looked back.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium Lalitha went on to act in more than 500 movies in a career spanning five decades. She bagged National Awards under the best supporting actress category twice for her roles in Amaram (1990) and Shantham (2000). She was also the winner of four Kerala State Film Awards. She also chaired the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi. The Malayalam film industry is mourning the death of Lalitha. Malayalam superstar called her “someone who was very dear to him”, in his post, while condoling her passing. He had shared the screen with Lalitha in many movies, including Mathilukal and Kanalkkattu. Mohanlal in his lengthy Facebook post said he was lost for words, calling Lalitha his family. He said, her death was an irreplaceable loss for Malayalam cinema and the Malayali audience. Manju Warrier remembers her as a motherly figure. “Even though I called her chechi (elder sister), in my head she was my mother,” she wrote. Keerthy Suresh also condoled her death, “Extremely saddened to hear about the passing of the legendary KPAC Lalitha aunty. My heartfelt condolences to the family.” Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan remembered Lalitha’s stint as the chairperson of Kerala Lalitha Sangeetha Nataka Akademi. And he noted that she was part of several progressive movements. In his tribute that he posted on his Facebook page, he said the passing of Lalitha marked an end of an era in Malayalam cinema. Lalitha was married to famous film director Bharathan, who died in 1998. She is survived by her daughter Sreekutty and son Sidharth, who is also an actor and director. Lalitha’s last rites will be held in Wadakkanchery on Wednesday evening. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000725_A000031	weather.com	https://weather.com/en-IN/india/space/news/2022-02-23-three-galaxies-merge-millions-of-light-years-away	IND	The galactic merger. (ESA/Hubble & NASA, W. Keel, Dark Energy Survey, Department of Energy, Fermilab, Dark Energy Survey Camera, (DECam), Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory, NoirLab/National Science Foundation/AURA, Sloan Digital Sky Survey; Acknowledgment: J. Schmidt)The merger of galaxies leads to one large galaxy like the Milky Way. While we can’t go back in time (yet!) to witness the formation of our own galaxy, observing other such mergers may shed some light on the Milky Ways past and future.Recently, the Hubble space telescope captured a stunning cosmic trio on the verge of a massive merger in incredible detail.At first glance, the image released by the US space agency NASA appears just like one galaxy. But on a closer look, there are three distinct galaxies! The galaxy cluster is IC 2431 in the constellation Cancer, located about 681 million light-years from Earth.The image captured by the telescope showcases a triple galaxy merger in progress, which will come together to form one huge galaxy millions of years from now. The Milky Way also formed when more than a dozen galaxies clubbed over the past 12 billion years.The image from Hubble also depicts a tumultuous mixture of star formation and tidal distortions triggered by the strong gravitational interactions of this galactic trio. “A thick cloud of dust obscures the centre of this image – though the light from a background galaxy is piercing its outer extremities,” describes NASA.As per reports, such cosmic mergers happen very often in the vast stretches of the universe. Studying galactic mergers is important to understand the formation of massive galaxies and how they evolve to become so big. The one-of-a-kind image was made possible by a citizen science project called Galaxy Zoo. Over 100,000 volunteers examined some 900,000 galaxies images captured by the Hubble telescope, which laid unattended till now. Thanks to this crowdsourced project, volunteers analysed the images in just 175 days, which otherwise would have taken years, says NASA. About a billion years from now, both the Milky Way and neighbouring Andromeda will also eventually corkscrew towards each other and grow even bigger than ever. However, this event may not have any impact on our solar system.Over the last 30 years, the Hubble telescope has revealed fascinating details about the universe while providing thousands of amazing cosmic images. Now, the legacy will be taken forward by the powerhouse observatory, the , launched last year to study the universe in more detail.**For COVID-19, weather & space updates on the go, download (on Android and iOS store). Its free! 
20220221_173939_ind_C000725_A000035	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/health-news/coronavirus-explained-three-common-omicron-variants-their-symptoms-and-why-they-shouldnt-be-taken-lightly/photostory/89767885.cms	IND	BA.2 differs from BA.1 in its genetic sequence, including some amino acid differences in the spike protein and other proteins. Studies have shown that BA.2 has a growth advantage over BA.1. Studies are ongoing to understand the reasons for this growth advantage, but initial data suggest that BA.2 appears inherently more transmissible than BA.1, which currently remains the most common Omicron sublineage reported,” the WHO said.“This difference in transmissibility appears to be much smaller than, for example, the difference between BA.1 and Delta. Further, although BA.2 sequences are increasing in proportion relative to other Omicron sublineages (BA.1 and BA.1.1), there is still a reported decline in overall cases globally,” it added.Said to be the fastest spreader among all the super-spreader Omicron sub variants, the BA.2 induced COVID infection causes symptoms like runny nose, sore throat, difficulty in breathing, persistent cough, fatigue. No other distinct symptoms have been reported for Omicron sub variant infection, other than the findings of few research studies which say that Omicron sub variant can cause severe damage to the lungs. The immune escape ability of this sub variant is often linked with the severity of the disease however, as told by WHO, this sub variant is similar to the other sub lineages of Omicron in terms of severity. 
20220221_173939_idn_C000733_A000008	en.antaranews.com	https://en.antaranews.com/news/216769/capital-city-relocation-offers-momentum-to-boost-equitable-development	IDN	Jakarta (ANTARA) - Relocating Indonesias capital city from Jakarta to East Kalimantan offers momentum to accelerate equitable development in the country, Chairman of Commission II of the House of Representatives (DPR) Ahmad Doli Kurnia Tandjung stated. Relocation of the capital city offers momentum or is a starting point for accelerating the growth of equitable development in Indonesia, Tandjung noted during a public discussion titled Towards a New Capital City, broadcast live on the RRI NET OFFICIAL YouTube channel, accessed from here on Wednesday. Tandjung noted that despite the idea to relocate Indonesias capital city been voiced since long, it is only during President Joko Widodos leadership period that Indonesia finally has a solid legal basis in the form of the Capital City Law (IKN Law), so that the relocation can be realized in order to accelerate equitable development. Thus, the period of President Joko Widodos leadership has laid emphasis and implemented the concept of Indonesia as a legal state, so that the relocation of the capital city is supported by a strong legal basis, specifically the IKN Law. Everything must be started with a legal basis through the making of the IKN Law, he highlighted. Tandjung noted that relocating the capital city named Nusantara to East Kalimantan is a manifestation of Indonesias vision and mission, so as to ensure equitable development across all regions. Related news: Indonesia does not want to have only one magnet, only one growth center, but is keen to build a country with several strategies in the form of growth centers. Moreover, Indonesia is a fairly large country, so there must be a vision to accelerate equitable development, he remarked. To this end, relocation of the capital city is a momentum to accelerate equitable development in Indonesia, he emphasized. Related news: 
20220221_173939_nam_C000734_A000033	www.news9live.com	https://www.news9live.com/science/solar-orbiter-captures-massive-solar-eruption-from-the-far-side-of-the-sun-155320	NAM	The Solar Orbiter, a joint mission by and has captured the largest solar prominence or filament, ever observed in a single image along with the full disc of the Sun. The flare up took place on February 15, and extended for millions of kilometres into space. The solar prominences keep dense concentrations of solar plasma suspended above the surface of the Sun within large structures of tangled magnetic field lines, at times forming loops back to the surface. These solar prominences are often associated with coronal mass ejections. Highly energetic eruptions from the Sun can disrupt human assets in space, and interfere with communications, with recent solar activity taking down almost an . Similar prominences are observed by other astronomical instruments, including the SOHO satellite by ESA and NASA. However, these observations are typically made either closer to the Sun, or farther away using a occulter to block out the disc of the Sun, allowing the corona to be imaged through an artificial eclipse. This is the largest ever solar prominence to be captured along with the full disc of the Sun in a single field of view, allowing researchers to investigate how such events are connected to the solar disc for the first time. The Parker Solar Probe observed the event as well, and even the BepiColombo mission currently close to the orbit of Mercury and not designed for heliophysics, picked up a massive spike in electrons, heavy ions and protons on its radiation monitor. The BepiColombo mission is a collaboration between ESA and JAXA. The flare up was also captured by the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite (GOES) East satellite of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). The Sun has been active in recent months, undergoing a series of smaller eruptions as it is headed to a more active solar cycle. Both the Solar Orbiter and GOES East satellites captured the imagery in the extreme ultraviolet range. The large solar flare captured by GOES East. (Image credit: NOAA)Fortunately, this time around, the coronal mass ejection was not directed at the Earth. However, the event does serve as a reminder for constant vigilance. The Solar Orbiter was reaching a point in between the Sun and the Earth, with no activity associated with the eruption seen on the disc, meaning that the prominence emerged from the far side of the Sun. The orbiter can observe the Sun at even closer distances, with its closest approach coming up on March 26, when the Sun will fill a much larger portion of its field of view. Next week, the Solar Orbiter will be performing joint observations with the Parker Solar Probe, during the latters perihelion, or closest approach to the Sun. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000734_A000035	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/health-news/coronavirus-explained-three-common-omicron-variants-their-symptoms-and-why-they-shouldnt-be-taken-lightly/photostory/89767885.cms	NAM	BA.2 differs from BA.1 in its genetic sequence, including some amino acid differences in the spike protein and other proteins. Studies have shown that BA.2 has a growth advantage over BA.1. Studies are ongoing to understand the reasons for this growth advantage, but initial data suggest that BA.2 appears inherently more transmissible than BA.1, which currently remains the most common Omicron sublineage reported,” the WHO said.“This difference in transmissibility appears to be much smaller than, for example, the difference between BA.1 and Delta. Further, although BA.2 sequences are increasing in proportion relative to other Omicron sublineages (BA.1 and BA.1.1), there is still a reported decline in overall cases globally,” it added.Said to be the fastest spreader among all the super-spreader Omicron sub variants, the BA.2 induced COVID infection causes symptoms like runny nose, sore throat, difficulty in breathing, persistent cough, fatigue. No other distinct symptoms have been reported for Omicron sub variant infection, other than the findings of few research studies which say that Omicron sub variant can cause severe damage to the lungs. The immune escape ability of this sub variant is often linked with the severity of the disease however, as told by WHO, this sub variant is similar to the other sub lineages of Omicron in terms of severity. 
20220221_173939_nam_C000734_A000038	www.technologynetworks.com	https://www.technologynetworks.com/tn/news/gene-findings-could-lead-to-sleep-treatment-for-people-with-intellectual-disability-358860	NAM	Science is one step closer to developing targeted drug therapies that may reduce seizures, sleep disorders, and related symptoms common in people with intellectual disabilities.Research led by a team of UNLV neuroscientists has shown the potential to zero in on the root-level cause of a host of adverse symptoms associated with unique subtypes of neurodevelopmental disorders, work that could one day improve the lives of millions worldwide.The study, , builds on by UNLV neuroscientist Rochelle Hines and collaborators, which discovered that two key proteins — collybistin and the GABAA receptor a2 subunit — control the firing of brain cells and contribute to epileptic seizures, learning and memory deficiencies, sleep disturbances, and other symptoms frequently associated with various forms of intellectual disability including Down syndrome, autism, and ADHD.The team’s newest findings unveiled that mutations in ARHGEF9 — the gene that codes for collybistin — lead to intellectual disability through impaired a2 subunit function. The team further showed that a2 is a central hub for many of the adverse neurological symptoms characteristic of multiple intellectual disability subtypes.“Seizures and sleep deficits are two of the most common and most disruptive symptoms in children with neurodevelopmental disorders, and sleep deficits in particular are not well treated and can impact the entire family,” said Hines, who partnered with UNLV faculty and undergraduate and graduate student researchers, as well as scientists from Tufts University and Boston Children’s Hospital. “This research gives new hope to patients that we can now develop drug therapies and provide more precise interventions.”In addition to patients with neurodevelopmental disorders, researchers said their study has the potential to improve the quality of life more broadly for people who grapple with sleep dysfunction, epilepsy, anxiety, hyperactivity, and other neurological abnormalities. TakeawaysIntellectual disability is a common neurodevelopmental disorder that can arise from genetic mutations. People with these disorders — Down syndrome and autism are the most prevalent — frequently report related symptoms such as epileptic seizures, learning and memory difficulties, and disrupted sleep-wake cycles. By manipulating interaction between two key brain proteins, scientists discovered that one of them — called the a2 subunit — plays a more critical role in intellectual disability and related symptoms than researchers previously thought. Knowing which functional interaction is responsible for triggering adverse effects caused by ARHGEF9 gene mutations will help researchers develop precise drug interventions — providing enhanced care to patients. Further research is underway, with hope that the work may one day advance to clinical trials. Reference: Hines DJ, Contreras A, Garcia B, et al. Human ARHGEF9 intellectual disability syndrome is phenocopied by a mutation that disrupts collybistin binding to the GABAA receptor a2 subunit. Mol Psychiatry. 2022:1-13. doi: This article has been republished from the following . Note: material may have been edited for length and content. For further information, please contact the cited source. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000747_A000009	newsinvasion24.com	https://newsinvasion24.com/unfpa-ethiopia-shares-situation-report-at-the-northern-ethiopia-crisis/	ETH	Ethiopia is facing a lot right now, such as poverty of fuel, cash and relief commodities- including medical equipment and supplies- continue to severely limit the humanitarian response in northern Ethiopia’s Tigray region. Since mid-December, humanitarian supplies have not reached by road due to continuous fighting in the only corridor via Afar. The UN Air Service (UNHAS) services run twice a week to ease the movement of staff, cash, and cargo into the region. However, it remains insufficient to mobilize the supplies for 5.2 million people in need of humanitarian assistance. In Amhara and reported hostilities in some areas along the border with Tigray continue to hamper aid delivery to accessible conflict-affected areas. In between the three regions, more than 2.1 million people are displaced as per the estimation, and as an outcome, 9.4 million people right now need humanitarian assistance. As per the new food security assessment, which was held by the WFP that 40 percent of Tigrayans are suffering from the extreme poverty of food with more than 14 percent of children under five and in which almost every 3rd women are pregnant or breastfeeding women malnourished. In Amhara and Afar regions, the conflict-driven displacement is pushing malnutrition rates up, with children and pregnant and lactating women particularly impacted by hunger because they also have to feed their children. Main people are suffering, especially those who are in maternal condition or have newborn babies and suffered from serious setbacks in conflict-affected die to a critical shortage of skilled healthcare providers, medical supplies and damage to health infrastructure, leading to a phenomenal increase in maternal and newborn mortality and morbidity. Since July 2021, sexual and reproductive health kits have not entered the Tigray region, with some emergency obstetric procedures such as C-sections being the edge of suspension, as reported by UNFPA-supported health partners. Across Afar, Amhara and Tigray regions, many women and girls, men and boys, have endured sexual and gender-based violence during the conflict, although women and girls have been disproportionately affected. Health facilities have recorded many cases of sexual violence-related complications, including injuries unwanted pregnancies, while other cases were diagnosed with cases of HIV/AIDS. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000747_A000019	www.techradar.com	https://www.techradar.com/news/latest-google-pixel-6-update-breaks-wi-fi-but-a-fix-is-coming-soon	ETH	Weve written so many stories about software bugs that weve run out of glib ways to begin them. Well, its happened yet again, because it turns out the February software update is causing some Wi-Fi issues.This issue was reported on , and users detailed how Wi-Fi would drop out when theyd put the phone on sleep - theyd have to manually re-enable it and select a network themselves every time they unlocked the device. The reports were numerous enough that an official Google account recently weighed in to say we identified the root cause and determined that it impacts a very small number of devices, continuing that it immediately developed a software fix that will be available in the next Google Pixel Update, rolling out in March.So it sounds like people who are suffering this issue wont need to wait long until their phones are solved - though the reports began in early February, so some users may have been waiting a month with this severe issue.The worst-affected users could be those who havent noticed it yet, though, and may just think they have issues with their home Wi-Fi or havent received any messages, without realizing that the internet connection had dropped.Analysis: the story continuesAs with glib introductions to articles, weve completely run out of interesting analytical spins on the news.This keeps happening - it feels like every fortnight that were writing a new article about issues and bugs that the Google Pixel 6 phones are suffering from. Theres just nothing new to say about it.Maybe Google needs to introduce a new smartphone that can start breaking, so we can write new headlines. Issues with the would be at least moderately different to write about.If were getting bored of writing about Google Pixel 6 problems, though, that could point towards the normalization of this occurrence. Were no longer surprised by it, its commonplace, and not something that stands out in a negative way.Its not a good sign for Google if Pixel problems are so common that theyre not noteworthy anymore, and it could point to eroded trust in the companys hardware.Still, it seems that these issues arent widespread enough to pose a serious concern for all Pixel users, just enough to be a minor annoyance. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000747_A000032	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/nasa-artemis-1-update-february-2022-livestream	ETH	Update for 6 pm ET: NASA is now targeting no earlier than May on the first flight of the Space Launch System megarocket. .NASA will give an update about its Artemis 1 moon mission today (Feb. 24) and you can tune in online. will be the first-ever launch of NASAs new (SLS) megarocket. The mission will send an uncrewed Orion capsule around the moon, to ensure that the SLS-Orion duo is ready to carry astronauts for the agencys of lunar exploration.Artemis 1 is currently expected to roll out to its launch pad at NASAs Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida in mid-March ahead of a launch in April or May. Well learn about the latest mission progress and timelines during Thursdays press conference, which will start at 1:30 p.m. EST (1830 GMT). You can listen to it live here at Space.com, courtesy of NASA, or .Video: Participating in the call will be:Tom Whitmeyer, deputy associate administrator for exploration systems development at NASA headquarters in WashingtonMike Bolger, Exploration Ground Systems program manager at KSCMike Sarafin, Artemis 1 mission manager at NASA headquartersThe mid-March rollout of the SLS- stack will allow NASA to conduct a crucial prelaunch test.This final test, known as the wet dress rehearsal, will run the launch team through operations to load propellant into the rockets tanks and conduct a full launch countdown. Following a successful rehearsal, NASA will roll the rocket stack back into the Vehicle Assembly Building for final checks and set an official target date for launch, agency officials (Feb. 22).Through Artemis missions, NASA will land the first woman and the first person of color on the surface of the moon, paving the way for a long-term lunar presence and serving as a stepping stone on the way to Mars, they added.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220221_173939_tza_C000749_A000038	www.healtheuropa.eu	https://www.healtheuropa.eu/exploring-bariatric-surgery-to-reduce-obesity-associated-breast-cancer/113719/	TZA	© iStock/Olivier Le Moa New studies aim to explore the potential role of bariatric surgery in reducing the risk of breast cancer in people who classify as obese. Bariatric surgery is a type of surgery that helps reduce food consumption and weight loss by removing part of the stomach, therefore, reducing the stomach size. The study focuses on whether this surgery could decrease breast cancer incidence and whether it could be a preventive measure. “Our review highlights recent publications linking bariatric surgery to decreased incidence, discusses possible consequences of bariatric surgery on breast cancer screening and finally proposes bariatric surgery as a potential preventative and adjuvant therapy for breast cancer,” said Andrea M. Stroud, MD, MS, Department of Surgery, , Portland, Ore. Stroud is the corresponding author of the paper. The study was published online in Bariatric surgery and breast cancer In a study by Tsui et al., researchers published the incidence of female-specific (breast, endometrial, ovarian) cancers from the New York State-wide Planning and Research Cooperative System database. The study included a large number of patients, including 55,781 female bariatric surgery patients matched with 247,102 non-surgical participants. The results revealed that the incidence of breast cancer was approximately 15% lower in the surgical group compared to individuals who did not have surgery. Recent systematic reviews and meta-analyses that have evaluated the risk of breast cancer after bariatric surgery has shown similar findings. Lovrics et al. gathered results from a total of 11 studies which included 1,106,939 patients and found a 50% reduced risk of breast cancer following the surgery. The studies found that the risk reduction was pre-dominate in higher stage groups and patients who had undergone bariatric surgery were more likely to have early-stage cancer, which has better outcomes and survival. The study’s authors explained that earlier stage disease in the surgical group could suggest that women in weight loss surgery programmes may receive more preventive health screening. Women with obesity are less likely to undergo screening mammography, which can help identify cancer at an earlier stage. Furthermore, Winder et al. discovered that bariatric surgery reduced the incidence of breast cancer by 44%, including data from eight different studies. Another systematic review by Ishihara et al. of breast, ovarian and endometrial cancer that included seven studies uncovered that breast cancer risk was reduced by 49% in patients who had bariatric surgery. To summarise, the studies highlighted that bariatric surgery could reduce the risk of the breast in half. Increased awareness is necessary This review looked at therapeutic potential bariatric surgery may provide both as a prophylactic and adjuvant therapy in women with obesity who are at higher risk for breast cancer development and worse breast cancer outcomes. However, the authors added that with less than 1% of eligible patients being referred for surgery, increased awareness of this treatment option is needed. The authors of this review discussed that the underlying mechanism of reduced breast cancer risk after bariatric surgery remains an unanswered question. Future treatment of these overlapping diseases should focus on identifying individuals at increased risk, evidence-based screening recommendations, and counselling around weight management options. Additionally, the researchers noted that future investigations are needed to better understand the role of this type of surgery in the prevention and treatment of breast cancer. “Primary care and women’s health providers should be aware of the increased risk of breast cancer associated with obesity and weight gain as women age. This patient population would benefit from careful screening and discussion about weight management options, including the benefits of bariatric surgery for breast cancer risk reduction,” said Stroud. Recommended Related Articles 
20220221_173939_ind_C000752_A000002	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/elections/assembly-election-uttar-pradesh-4th-phase-lakhimpur-rae-bareli-live-updates-7786180/	IND	Supporters gather at an election rally in UP (file photo) Of the 59 seats going to polls in the fourth phase, the BJP had won 51 in the 2017 Assembly elections, four had gone to the Samajwadi Party, and three to the Bahujan Samaj Party. The BJPs ally Apna Dal (Sonelal) had bagged one seat. Among the prominent candidates in this phase is Uttar Pradesh Law Minister Brijesh Pathak who is facing Samajwadi party candidate and two-time corporator Surendra Singh Gandhi in the Lucknow Cantonment seat. Pathak had won the Lucknow Central seat in 2017. Another minister Ashutosh Tandon is in the fray from the Lucknow East seat and is being challenged by SPs national spokesperson Anurag Bhadauria. The Sarojini Nagar Assembly segment will witness a battle between former ED officer Rajeshwar Singh fielded by the BJP and Abhishek Mishra who had been a minister in the Samajwadi Party government. Deputy Speaker of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly Nitin Agarwal, who had crossed over to the BJP from the Samajwadi Party, will face the electoral test in this phase. Must read stories on UP Elections: 
20220221_173939_lva_C000755_A000035	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/lifestyle/health/study-finds-link-between-adolescents-psychological-well-being-and-adult-risk-of-heart-diseases-101645614788564.html	LVA	It has been a long-known fact that a persons risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) can be lowered with lifestyle changes such as modifying diet, exercise, alcohol and tobacco use. Now, Anand Chockalingam and Sharan Srinivas at the University of Missouri demonstrated in a new study that a long-term association also exists between an adolescents psychological well-being and their risk of CVD as an adult.The study titled, Adolescent psychological well-being and adulthood cardiovascular disease risk: longitudinal association and implications for care quality management, was published in Benchmarking: An International Journal.Specifically, Chockalingam, a professor of clinical medicine, and Srinivas, an assistant professor of industrial and manufacturing systems engineering, found that people who were more optimistic or positive when they were adolescents could lower their chances of being in the high-risk category for CVD as an adult.Here, we are recognizing the role of the environment and lifestyle in heart disease, said, Chockalingam, who is also a cardiologist with MU Health Care. Some prior research has shown that more than 80 per cent of all heart attacks can be prevented with a few simple lifestyle interventions at any point in the individuals life. Although a heart attack may occur at the age of 55, the underlying build-up of plaque or atherosclerosis starts much earlier, often in teenage years. By exploring healthy habits and connecting with optimistic peers in the impressionable teenage years, it becomes intuitive to sustain a good lifestyle.Chockalingam believed that this study emphasized the value of optimism in an adolescents life.Adolescents are simultaneously understanding the world as well as their own inner nature and mindset, Chockalingam said. Therefore, parents and other caregivers have a substantial role in the lifetime resilience and outlook of children. The biggest legacy that anyone can pass on for subsequent generations is optimism.The team analyzed data from study participants involved with the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (Add Health). Chockalingam said the database served as a rich source of information for their study.The Add Health database meticulously collected data from over 20,000 adolescents when they were about 15 years of age, and followed up every few years afterwards with repeated surveys of several hundred health aspects for the same group of children, Chockalingam said. This gives us a unique window into the lifetime risk and correlation between various social, economic, psychological and genetic health determinants.Both researchers have personal experiences that reflected in the results of their study. Srinivas credited his involvement in sports as a youth in India, including playing competitive tennis until age 18, for leading to a life and career advocating for a healthy lifestyle, both mentally and physically.His passion, along with a continued interest in playing tennis, also led to a serendipitous research collaboration with Chockalingam. What began as a friendly game of tennis between two working professionals -- Srinivas and Chockalingam -- grew over time to include discussions of their mutual interests in health care-related research. Eventually, the two began working together on research projects, and their expertise complements one another -- Srinivas focused on data analytics and industrial engineering tools to improve both the patient and health care provider experience; Chockalingam provided clinical insights and a health care provider perspective.Srinivas believed that this study could help clinicians develop a personalized approach to lower someones CVD risk by integrating problem-solving techniques currently used by industrial engineers that place an emphasis on prevention and early detection.There are several step-by-step techniques established by industrial engineers that help with early detection of problems in the manufacturing and service industries, said Srinivas, who has a joint appointment in the Trulaske College of Business. This is an opportunity to adapt some of these techniques to enable health care practitioners to monitor the well-being of an adolescent over time, because thats the formative stage where your outlook on life is established, and it doesnt change much after that.Srinivas acknowledged that this study was only a first step toward establishing the association between adolescent well-being and CVD risk. He believed that additional analysis of other data sets was needed to help overcome a limitation they had in this study, which was only taking a snapshot of someones life during adolescence and again during young adulthood. He said that there needs to be additional insights into how people are doing in between these life stages.In the future, Srinivas said that he would like to explore the use of other industrial engineering and data analytics techniques, such as machine learning.We want to use these techniques to help predict the long-term risk for CVD among adolescents, and uncover the impact that underlying factors can have on a persons chance to develop CVD, including the influence of a persons well-being, Srinivas said. Follow more stories on and 
20220221_173939_aus_C000758_A000027	www.foxsports.com.au	https://www.foxsports.com.au/tennis/tennis-news-2022-alex-zverev-intimidates-umpire-after-doubles-loss-in-acapulco-video-assault-hits-chair-with-racquet-violent/news-story/06df446a14a5106b910dba62b9b18eee	AUS	World number three Alexander Zverev has been kicked out of the Mexican Open and may face more severe penalties from the ATP after a violent act aimed at the umpire in Mexico.The tournament announced on Wednesday evening Zverev had been withdrawn from the tournament “due to unsportsmanlike conduct”.The German was the defending men’s singles champion of the ATP 500-level event, and he was set to play his second-round singles match in the coming days.Stream Over 50 Sports Live & On-Demand with Kayo. New to Kayo? The former US Open finalist shockingly smacked the umpire’s chair - nearly hitting him - with his racquet multiple times following the conclusion of a doubles match leaving fans in Acapulco stunned.The incident came after Zverev and his partner Marcelo Melo believed a ball was incorrectly called out during a ten-point match tie-break, with the point played at 8-6.While the umpire and fans on the sidelines felt the ball was out, Zverev aggressively disagreed, screaming: ““Look where the ball bounced… 8-6 in the tiebreak… for f**ks sake… it’s f**king your line… f**king idiot.”Their opponents Lloyd Glasspool and Harri Heliovaara then delivered an ace to win the match, 6-2 4-6 10-6.After a handshake at the net, Zverev furiously whacked the chair near the umpire’s feet, staring the umpire down as he did so in a clear act of aggression.Alex Zverev attacks the referees chair after a doubles loss in Acapulco.Source: FOX SPORTSThe umpire could be seen pulling his feet back, fearing he was going to be struck.“You destroyed the whole f***ing match. The whole f***ing match,” Zverev yelled.Zverev has previously been accused of domestic abuse against former girlfriend Olga Sharypova which the ATP has been slow to investigate.“Looks like a blatant act of intimidation and there should be serious repercussions for this behaviour,” The Guardian’s Tumaini Carayol tweeted.BBC commentator David Law added: “This is absolutely appalling from Alexander Zverev.According to the ATP rule book, potential penalties for major offences include fines of up to $25,000 or the amount of prize money won at the tournament, and/or suspension from ATP events for a maximum of one year.Earlier in the day Zverev completed 4:56am! Latest EVER tennis finish | 01:05 
20220221_173939_irl_C000769_A000006	www.corkbeo.ie	https://www.corkbeo.ie/news/local-news/cork-weather-met-eireann-warn-23188797	IRL	Met Eireann have warned of a raw feeling in the air tonight as temperatures are to go right down again. The says things will go as low as -2C later, but itll be feeling even colder owing to an added wind chill factor. On top of that theyre saying some . And if theres not enough theres also a chance of isolated thunderstorms too. For today itll be scattered around Munster, but by the afternoon it sounds like rain will have moved in across the board and itll be heavy in places. Met Eireann say: Sunny spells and scattered blustery showers will occur early Wednesday. By mid-afternoon, a band of rain will move down from the north, gradually extending to other areas later, turning heavy in places. Rather windy with fresh to strong and gusty southwesterly winds. Early afternoon temperatures will range 8 to 10 degrees. Feeling raw tonight with brisk westerly winds feeding in some snow, sleet and rain showers. Chance of isolated thunderstorms too. Lowest temperatures of -2 to +1 degrees; feeling even colder owing to an added wind chill factor. Some frost and ice will set in also, especially in sheltered areas. Those chills will continue into Thursday, with more winter conditions expected including snow showers. Cold and windy on Thursday with sunny spells and further scattered wintry showers. Snow showers and icy stretches during the morning will lead to treacherous conditions. Some thundery showers with local hail are possible too. Highest temperatures of just 5 to 7 degrees, again with an added wind chill factor with fresh to strong and gusty westerly winds persisting though the day. For the latest breaking news straight to your inbox, Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220221_173939_eth_C000777_A000007	allafrica.com	https://allafrica.com/stories/202202230124.html	ETH	RAPE and sexual violence during the conflict in northern Ethiopia have sparked HIV/AIDS and unwanted pregnancy crises in the region. The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) raised concern at the catastrophe that has led to children infected. The agency noted across Afar, Amhara and Tigray regions, health facilities were reporting sexual violence-related complications, including injuries, unwanted pregnancies while other cases were diagnosed with HIV/AIDS. Some victim endured obstetric complications, including fistula. In Tigray, among the women and girls who got tested for HIV/AIDS, 3 percent of them are HIV positive. Ayders One-Stop-Centre confirmed the infection rate. Rape and sexual abuse have been among the hallmarks of the crisis that has been raging since late 2020. It followed the regional Tigray government falling out with the federal administration. The health sector has borne the brunt. The conflict-driven displacement is pushing malnutrition rates up, with children and pregnant and lactating women particularly impacted by hunger, said a UNFPA official. Access to maternal and newborn care services has suffered massive setbacks due to the critical shortage of skilled healthcare providers, medical supplies and damage to health infrastructure. This has led to a phenomenal increase in maternal and newborn mortality and morbidity. A majority of hospitals and health centers as well as ambulances have been looted, damaged and vandalised. Nearly 7 000 health workers have fled. 
20220221_173939_eth_C000777_A000035	www.dovepress.com	https://www.dovepress.com/understanding-the-facilitators-and-barriers-to-covid-19-vaccine-uptake-peer-reviewed-fulltext-article-RMHP	ETH	Introduction The coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) has spread to all continents, causing significant public health crises. Globally, data reported to the WHO showed COVID-19 has infected over 200 million individuals, yielding over 4 million mortalities as of 17 August 2021. The Republic of Ghana has reported more than 100 thousand confirmed cases of COVID-19 and 945 deaths as of 14 August 2021. Public health prevention measures such as washing hands, wearing masks, avoiding crowded places, and physical distancing are recommended for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to these public health preventive measures, there are safe and efficacious COVID-19 vaccines for immunization against the global pandemic. Indeed, the role of the COVID-19 vaccine in preventing SARS-COV-2 infection has long been established by scholars. Therefore, the COVID-19 vaccine is recommended for all qualified individuals, including teachers., Despite the potential role of the COVID-19 vaccine in preventing SARS-COV-2 infections, there are reports of vaccine hesitancy. For instance, preliminary studies in Ghana showed that vaccine acceptance ranges from 39–70% among health workers, and 51–54% among the general population., In the Republic of Nigeria, only 50% of the sample were willing to accept the COVID-19 vaccine. Those unwilling to receive the COVID-19 vaccine raise concerns of safety, efficacy, effectiveness, side effects, and rust in developing the COVID-19 vaccine as the primary reasons for their hesitancy.,, In African countries, the COVID-19 vaccination rollout has been constrained by the unavailability of COVID-19 vaccines due to limited funds, storage requirements, and conflicts. Lastly, a recently published study in Ethiopia showed sociodemographic factors and health beliefs of the individual plays a role in COVID-19 vaccine acceptance. Ghana started its COVID-19 vaccination campaigns on 1 March 2021 after receiving 600,000 initial doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine through the COVAX facility. These initial doses were meant for healthcare workers and people with underlying medical conditions. As of 27 January 2022, Ghana has administered over 10 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine comprising 6,712,407 AstraZeneca, 17,982 Sputnik V, 1,048,590 Moderna, 1,505,552 Pfizer-BioNTech and 740,950 COVID-19 vaccine Janssen. Early studies conducted in developed countries showed actual COVID-19 uptake among the general population ranges from 51%-89%. This indicates that COVID-19 vaccine uptake is a significant problem that needs serious attention. Several scholars have investigated factors associated with COVID-19 vaccine acceptance and uptake among healthcare workers.,, These studies are necessary since healthcare workers are at heightened risk of acquiring the SARS-COV-2. Like healthcare workers, teachers work in environments suitable for COVID-19 spread, elevating the teacher’s risk of contracting the COVID-19 virus and possible spread to their families and students. Indeed, there are concerns about school reopening and COVID-19 transmission in the schools., Additionally, teachers’ vaccine acceptance and subsequent uptake are crucial for the continuous functioning of schools, ensuring the teachers’ safety and protection of school children. Against this backdrop, the United Nation’s Children Emergency Fund (UNICEF) calls for the prioritization of teachers to receive the COVID-19 vaccine following vaccination of healthcare workers and high-risk populations. Despite this call by the UNICEF, there is limited data regarding Ghanaian teachers’ COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake since the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccination in Ghana. Earlier studies on COVID-19 vaccine acceptance in Ghana have primarily focused on healthcare workers and the general population., To date, no research has been conducted to evaluate COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake among teachers in Ghana. Therefore, this present study examines facilitators and barriers to COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake among teachers in the Sagnarigu Municipality of Ghana. This study is crucial as it will form the scientific basis for interventions to ensure adequate COVID-19 vaccine coverage among teachers in Ghana. Materials and Methods Study Design and Setting The study was a cross-sectional study conducted among teachers in Sagnarigu Municipality of Ghana. This study was conducted following guidelines for reporting cross-sectional surveys. The study was undertaken between April 2021 to September 2021. Sagnarigu Municipality is one of the municipalities in the Northern region of Ghana. The Municipality, which was carved out of the Tamale metropolis in 2012 by legislative instrument 2066, shares boundaries with Savelugu, Tolon, and Kumbungu Districts. The Sagnarigu municipality has 86 communities and covers a land size of 200.4km2. The estimated population of the Sagnarigu municipality is 186,796, with a male population of 93,761. The Sagnarigu Municipality is home to notable Senior High Schools (SHSs) such as Tamale SHS, Tamale Technical Institute, Northern School of Business, Tamale Business Senior High, and Islamic Science Senior High School. The Municipality housed about 205 basic schools comprising 33 nursery/Kindergarten, 119 primary schools, and 53 Junior High Schools (JHSs). The Municipality has over 2000 teachers at the basic school level. Study Population, Sample Size, and Sampling The study participants were teachers in the primary, Junior high, and Senior High schools located within the catchment area of the Sagnarigu Municipality. The sample size for the study was determined using the Cochran formula at 95% confidence interval, 5% margin of error, and vaccine acceptance of 54% from a previous study in Ghana. The minimum sample size was 420 study subjects after adjusting for a 10% non-response rate. The study participants were selected using a cluster and consecutive sampling technique. First, Sagnarigu was divided into three area councils: Sagnarigu-Choggu, Kalpohin, and Kanvilli. Ten schools from each area council were randomly selected through the lottery method. The names of all the schools in each area council were written on papers and placed in a bowl for selection without looking into the bowl. The sample size was proportionally allocated to these area councils based on the number of schools in each area council. The teachers in the schools were selected through consecutive sampling. That is, teachers who met the inclusion criteria and consented to participate were given a questionnaire to complete until the allocated number for the school was reached. Data Collection Procedure The data were collected through self-administration. The questionnaire () was distributed to the consented teachers by the research assistants at their schools. This enables the teachers to answer the questions at their convenience. For each distributed questionnaire, one week period was given before collection. The study tool was developed and modified to suit the study after reviewing previous literature.,, The study tool consisted of sociodemographic information, COVID-19 vaccine uptake, intention, and attitudes towards the COVID-19 vaccine. The study tool was pretested on 5% of the study sample size, and questions that needed modification were modified accordingly. The study was conducted per the Helsinki declaration for medical research. Approval for the study was obtained from the Municipal Education Directorate of the Ghana Education Service (GES/NR/SMEO/MC41). Informed consent was obtained from all study participants before distributing the study questionnaire. The study was completely anonymous, and no personal identifiers were collected in the entire data collection process. Study Variables The explanatory variables of the study were age, gender, religion, marital status, educational qualification, number of children, presence of chronic disease, and willingness to recommend the COVID-19 vaccine to students. The explanatory variables also included the teachers’ attitudes toward the COVID-19 vaccine (). The outcome variables of the study were the intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine and COVID-19 vaccine uptake. Intention before rollout: It was measured by asking the teachers, “Before the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccination in Ghana, did you intend to take the vaccine when made available?”. There were two responses: “Yes” and “No.” Current intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine: It was also evaluated by asking the teachers, “Currently, do you intend to receive the COVID-19 Vaccine when it is made available to you?” and the responses were “Yes” and “No.” The study used the current intention to identify predictors of COVID-19 vaccination intention since intent before rollout might be prone to recall bias. Additionally, the current intention was also assessed for only the unvaccinated teachers. COVID-19 vaccine uptake: It was measured by asking whether “they have been vaccinated against COVID-19,” and the responses were “Yes” and “No.” Statistical Analysis The data were entered into an excel template and transported into STATA 16.0 for analysis. The data were summarized using descriptive statistics such as mean and standard deviation for continuous variables; frequency and percentages for categorical variables. Inferential statistics were performed using the Chi-square test of independence and multivariate logistic regression to identify facilitators and barriers to the teachers’ COVID-19 vaccine uptake and intention. A variable was included in the multivariate logistic if that variable were significant during the Chi-square test at a P-value less than 0.05. Results Sociodemographic Characteristics of the Study Sample School teachers (19–68 yrs, mean age, SD: 35.5±8.8, n=421) participated in the study. Most (56%) of the study participants were males, 71% were married, and 62% were affiliated with the Islamic religion. A significant majority (84%) of the teachers were from the public school, 43% were teaching at the primary level, and most (61%) of the study participants had a first degree as their highest qualification. More than half (67%) of the study participants reported receiving the hepatitis B vaccine. A vast majority (79%) of the teachers were willing to recommend the COVID-19 vaccine to their students (). Table 1 Sociodemographic Characteristics and COVID-19 Vaccination of the Study Sample COVID-19 Vaccine Intention and Uptake Among School Teachers The reported intention to receive the COVID-19 before its rollout in Ghana was 49%, while the study participants’ intention after rollout was 63%. There were significant differences between intention to receive before and after rollout (P<0.001). Additionally, there was a significant difference between reported intention before rollout and actual uptake of the vaccine (P<0.001). COVID-19 vaccine uptake rate was 11%, and about 52% of the vaccinated have completed the COVID-19 vaccination. Preferred vaccines for the unvaccinated intending to receive were John & Johnson (66%) and AstraZeneca (20%). A little over 27% were completely confident in the effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccine (). Motivation for Receiving the COVID-19 Vaccine The three top reasons for receiving the COVID-19 vaccine were prevention of COVID-19 (84%), help protect my families, friends, and the community (75%), and protection of students/pupils (52%) (). Table 2 Motivation for and Not Receiving the COVID-19 Vaccine Reasons for Not Receiving the COVID-19 Vaccine The three top reasons for not receiving the COVID-19 vaccine were unavailability of the COVID-19 vaccine (52%), concern about side effects from the vaccine (45%), and lack of knowledge about the COVID-19 vaccine (20%) (). Facilitators and Barriers to COVID-19 Vaccination Intention Facilitators of intent to receive the COVID-19 vaccine were vaccination against Hepatitis B (AOR: 2.5, 95 CI: 1.03, 4.93), willingness to recommend the COVID-19 vaccine to students (AOR: 4.78,95% CI: 1.95, 11.70), having adequate information about the expectation of the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 2.42, 95% CI: 1.04, 5.56). Intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine was less likely among teachers who had no confidence in the effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 0.01, 95% CI: 0.001, 0.118) (). Table 3 Facilitators and Barriers to COVID-19 Vaccination Intention Among School Teachers in Sagnarigu Municipality Intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine was also less likely among respondents who were uncomfortable in getting the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 0.17, 95% CI: 0.08, 0.38) and those who disagree that they are more likely to contract COVID-19 (AOR: 0.38, 95% CI: 0.17, 0.88). On the contrary, teachers who disagree that the COVID-19 vaccine will make them sick were 2.5 times more likely to intend to receive the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 2.50, 95% CI: 1.16, 5.33) (). Facilitators and Barriers to COVID-19 Vaccine Uptake Among School Teachers Facilitators of COVID-9 vaccine uptake were affiliation to Christianity (AOR:3 0.63, 95% CI: 1.60, 8.24), teaching in the SHS/technical (AOR: 13.43, 95% CI: 1.90, 9.48), hepatitis B vaccination (AOR: 3.05, 95% CI: 0.98, 9.51) and having adequate information about the expectation of the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 4.84, 95% CI: 2.10, 11.65). COVID-19 vaccination was less likely among teachers who were uncomfortable going for the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 0.06, 95% CI: 0.06, 0.49) and teachers who disagree that vaccinating teachers will reduce school absenteeism (AOR: 0.45, 95% CI: 0.18, 1.07). Teachers who were somewhat confident in the effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccine were less likely to receive the COVID-19 vaccine (AOR: 0.45, 95 CI: 0.18, 1.07) (). Table 4 Facilitators and Barriers to COVID-19 Vaccine Uptake Among School Teachers in Sagnarigu Municipality Discussion Teachers are crucial for the continuity of education amid the COVID-19 outbreak and response. The study investigated facilitators and barriers to COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake among school teachers in the Sagnarigu Municipality of Northern Ghana. The current study is vital as it has provided initial data about COVID-19 vaccination intention, uptake, and associated factors among teachers in Ghana. Sixty-three percent of the unvaccinated teachers intend to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. This finding is higher than earlier studies conducted among the Ghanaian population, and Ghana’s healthcare workers. However, the intent in this study is lower than studies conducted elsewhere., The reason for these differences is unclear, but intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine is affected by a complex web of factors. In this study, teachers intending to go for the COVID-19 vaccine were constraint by the unavailability of the COVID-19 vaccine and fear of possible side effects from the vaccine. The challenge of COVID-19 vaccine access in African countries has been emphasized by Nachega et al. Indeed, Africa’s COVID-19 vaccine rollout has been challenged by a low supply of the vaccine. Other scholars in Ghana have also emphasized the concern of possible side effects from the COVID-19 vaccine., However, side effects and deaths related to the COVID-19 vaccine are uncommon. Ensuring access to the COVID-19 vaccine is vital for guaranteeing adequate COVID-19 vaccine coverage among teachers in the Sagnarigu Municipality of Ghana. Additionally, debunking the misleading claims about post-COVID-19 vaccination deaths and side effects is crucial in facilitating vaccine uptake. Further, to ensure unimpeded access to the COVID-19 vaccine, COVID-19 vaccination centers should be immediately instituted in all schools. We noticed a remarkable gap between intention to receive the vaccine before rollout and actual vaccine uptake. This is a validation of a recent study that found a significant gap between intention and actual uptake of the COVID-19 vaccine among Poland teachers. Perhaps, focusing on facilitators and barriers to COVID-19 vaccine uptake may help the teachers translate their intent to actual uptake of the COVID-19 vaccine. COVID-19 vaccine uptake in the study sample was unacceptably low. This is in variance with a study conducted among teachers in Poland, where over 63% of the sampled teachers had received the COVID-19 vaccine. In the United States of America, poorer counties’ vaccine uptake rate is 48%, higher than COVID-19 vaccine uptake in this present study. Furthermore, a recently published study in Ethiopia showed that vaccine uptake was higher (62%) than teachers in the sagnarigu Municipality. These discrepancies may be due to sociodemographic, beliefs and context-specific factors. The key motivation for receiving the COVID-19 vaccine was the desire to avoid contracting the COVID-19 virus and for the protection of families, friends, and the community. This aligns with published studies in Poland and the United States of America. Public health communication strategies aimed at encouraging COVID-19 vaccine uptake should include these motivators. We explored facilitators and barriers to COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake among the school teachers. Compared to Muslim teachers, those aligned to the Christian faith were more likely to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. This finding is a validation of a study conducted in the Eastern African country of Ethiopia. Religious values might have played a crucial role in COVID-19 vaccine uptake. Public health campaigns aimed at increasing vaccine uptake in this dominant Muslim population should engage religious leaders. Compared to teachers in Daycare/Kindergartens, those in the SHS/Technical schools had higher odds of receiving the COVID-19 vaccine. There have been reported cases of COVID-19 infections in Ghanaian SHSs. This may be the possible explanation for this finding, as the SHS teachers may consider themselves at risk of contracting the COVID-19 virus. The study’s findings also showed that teachers who previously received the Hepatitis B vaccine were more likely to have COVID-19 vaccination intention; vaccine uptake was also higher among teachers who were previously vaccinated against hepatitis B. In a scoping review, Joshi et al intimated that previous influenza vaccination affected COVID-19 acceptance across the globe. Perhaps, the motivation for Hepatitis vaccination might have played a role in facilitating the teacher’s intent to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. A vast majority of the teachers were willing to recommend the COVID-19 vaccine to their students if they were eligible to receive it. This is an encouraging finding and may promote the COVID-19 vaccine uptake among students in Ghana. Indeed, teachers who were willing to recommend the COVID-19 vaccine to their students had higher odds of intent to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. The role of teachers in the success of school-based health interventions has been documented in a previous study in Canada. Engaging the teachers is critical to the successful rollout of COVID-19 vaccination in schools. Teachers who reported having adequate information about the expectations of the COVID-19 vaccine had higher COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake. This finding is supported by an earlier study conducted among nursing staff in the United States of America. Educating the teachers about how the COVID-19 vaccine works may motivate subsequent COVID-19 vaccine uptake. The study found lower odds of intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine among teachers who had no confidence in the effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccine. Previous studies among Finnish healthcare workers and American nursing staff support this finding., Furthermore, teachers who were doubtful about the efficacy of the COVID-19 vaccine were less likely to receive the vaccine. Programs that seek to build the teachers’ confidence are crucial for increasing vaccine uptake. Such programs should include evidence of the effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccine in preventing SARS-COV-2 infection. The teachers’ attitudes significantly predicted their intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine and subsequent vaccine uptake. For instance, teachers who were uncomfortable getting the COVID-19 vaccine had lower COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake. This is in line with a previous study conducted among secondary school teachers in the United States of America. Additionally, perception of not susceptible to contracting the COVID-19 was a barrier to COVID-19 vaccination intention. In a similar study, Ethiopian teachers’ perception of being at risk of contracting the COVID-19 virus was a motivator for COVID-19 vaccination intention. This finding reinforced that if people perceived themselves at risk of contracting SARS-COV-2, they would be more willing to accept the COVID-19 vaccine. Disbelief that the COVID-19 vaccine will cause illness was a definite predictor of COVID-19 vaccination intention. This is in line with flu vaccination uptake among Irish Hospital workers. Addressing the negative attitudes of the teachers may play a crucial role in facilitating vaccine intention and subsequent uptake. Furthermore, the belief that vaccinating teachers will reduce school absenteeism was a key predictor of vaccine uptake. This agrees with a study conducted in Saudi Arabia, where perceived benefit facilitated COVID-19 vaccination intention. This is the first study to evaluate COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake among teachers in Ghana. Additionally, the present research is crucial to literature since it evaluated both intent to receive and actual uptake of the COVI-19 vaccine. However, the study design could not allow for causality among variables. The non-probability sampling technique may not allow for the generalizability of the findings. Conclusion and Recommendations This study has contributed to our understanding of teachers’ COVID-19 vaccination intention and uptake among teachers in Ghana. The current research has demonstrated a significant increase in the teachers COVID-19 vaccination intention before and after rollout in Ghana. The teachers’ COVID-19 vaccine uptake was constrained by the unavailability of the COVID-19 vaccine, fear of side effects, and lack of knowledge about the COVID-19 vaccine. Common and divergent facilitators and barriers influenced COVID-19 vaccine uptake among the teachers. These facilitators and barriers are multifaceted, stemming from sociodemographic, health beliefs, and contextual factors. Addressing these facilitators and barriers is crucial for increasing future COVID-19 vaccine uptake among teachers in Ghana. This should include building the confidence of the teachers about the efficacy of the vaccine, dispelling misconceptions about susceptibility and side effects of the COVID-19 vaccine, and ultimately, ensuring that the vaccine is available to those willing to receive it. This is particularly important for adequate COVID-19 vaccine coverage among teachers in Ghana. Data Sharing Statement The data used in this study are available from the author upon reasonable request. Acknowledgment The researcher appreciates the research assistants for the data collection, the teachers for their voluntary participation, and the headteachers for their support in the data collection process. Author Contributions The author made a significant contribution to the work reported, whether that is in the conception, study design, execution, acquisition of data, analysis, and interpretation, or in all these areas; took part in drafting, revising, or critically reviewing the article; gave final approval of the version to be published; have agreed on the journal to which the article has been submitted; and agree to be accountable for all aspects of the work. Disclosure The author declares no competing interests in this work. References World Health Organization. WHO Coronavirus (COVID-19) Dashboard. WHO.int; 2021. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. GHS. Situation update, COVID-19 outbreak in Ghana as at 14 August 2021. Ghana Health Service; 2021. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. CDC. How to protect yourself and others. Know how it spreads. CDC. 2021:18–19. WHO. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19): vaccines. World Health Organisation; 2020. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. Hitchings MDT, Ranzani OT, Torres MS, et al. Effectiveness of CoronaVac among healthcare workers in the setting of high SARS-CoV-2 Gamma variant transmission in Manaus, Brazil: a test-negative case-control study. Lancet Reg Health Am. 2021:100025. doi:10.1016/j.lana.2021.100025. Thompson MG, Burgess JL, Naleway AL, et al. Interim estimates of vaccine effectiveness of BNT162b2 and mRNA-1273 COVID-19 vaccines in preventing SARS-CoV-2 infection among health care personnel, First responders, and other essential and frontline workers — Eight U.S. Locations, December 2020–March. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2021;70(13):495–500. doi:10.15585/mmwr.mm7013e3 Harder T, Koch J, Vygen-Bonnet S, et al. Efficacy and effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 infection: interim results of a living systematic review, 1 January to 14 May 2021. Eurosurveillance. 2021;26:1–9. Gupta K, O’Brien WJ, Bellino P, et al. Incidence of SARS-CoV-2 infection in health care workers after a single dose of mRNA-1273 vaccine. Annu Rev Plant Biol. 2021;4:17–20. Agyekum MW, Afrifa-Anane GF, Kyei-Arthur F, Addo B. Acceptability of COVID-19 vaccination among health care workers in Ghana. Adv Public Health. 2021;2021. doi:10.1155/2021/9998176 Alhassan RK, Owusu-Agyei S, Ansah EK, Gyapong M. COVID-19 vaccine uptake among health care workers in Ghana: a case for targeted vaccine deployment campaigns in the global south. Hum Resour Health. 2021;19(1):1–12. doi:10.1186/s12960-021-00657-1 Lamptey E, Serwaa D, Appiah AB. A nationwide survey of the potential acceptance and determinants of covid-19 vaccines in Ghana. Clin Exp Vaccine Res. 2021;10(2):183–190. doi:10.7774/cevr.2021.10.2.183 Acheampong T, Akorsikumah EA, Osae-Kwapong J, et al. Examining vaccine hesitancy in Sub-Saharan Africa: a survey of the knowledge and attitudes among adults to receive COVID-19 vaccines in Ghana. Vaccines. 2021;9(8):814. doi:10.3390/vaccines9080814 Alice Tobin E, Okonofua M, Adeke A, Obi A. Willingness to accept a COVID-19 vaccine in Nigeria: a population-based cross-sectional study. Cent. African J Public Health. 2021;7(2):53. doi:10.11648/j.cajph.20210702.12 Shekhar R, Sheikh AB, Upadhyay S, et al. COVID-19 vaccine acceptance among health care workers in the United States. Vaccines. 2021;9(2):1–18. doi:10.3390/vaccines9020119 Ayenigbara IO, Adegboro JS, Ayenigbara GO, Adeleke OR, Olofintuyi OO. The challenges to a successful covid-19 vaccination programme in Africa. Germs. 2021;11(3):427–440. doi:10.18683/germs.2021.1280 Handebo S, Wolde M, Shitu K, Kassie A. Determinant of intention to receive COVID-19 vaccine among school teachers in Gondar City, Northwest Ethiopia. PLoS One. 2021;16(6):1–11. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0253499 GHS. Situation update, COVID-19 outbreak in Ghana as at 26 January 2022. GHS; 2022. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. Crawshaw J, Konnyu K, Castillo G, et al. Factors affecting COVID-19 vaccination acceptance and uptake among the general public: a living behavioural science evidence synthesis. 2021:1–54. Baniak LM, Luyster FS, Raible CA, Mccray EE, Strollo PJ. COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy and uptake among nursing staff during an active vaccine rollout. Vaccines. 2021;9:1–12. Pacella-LaBarbara ML, Park YL, Patterson PD, et al. COVID-19 vaccine uptake and intent among emergency healthcare workers: a cross-sectional survey. J. Occup. Environ. Med. 2021;63(10):852–856. doi:10.1097/JOM.0000000000002298 Elharake JA, Galal B, Alqahtani SA, et al. COVID-19 vaccine acceptance among health care workers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Int J Infect Dis. 2021;109:286–293. doi:10.1016/j.ijid.2021.07.004 Keeling MJ, Tildesley MJ, Atkins BD, et al. The impact of school reopening on the spread of COVID-19 in England. Philos Trans R Soc B Biol Sci. 2021;376(1829). doi:10.1098/rstb.2020.0261. Tupper P, Colijn C, Maini PK. COVID-19 in schools: mitigating classroom clusters in the context of variable transmission. PLoS Comput Biol. 2021;17(7):1–20. doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1009120 UNICEF. Teachers should be prioritized for vaccination against COVID-19. UNICEF; 2020. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. Centre C, Vandenbroucke JP. Strengthening the reporting of observational studies in epidemiology (STROBE) statement: guidelines for reporting observational studies. Bull World Health Organ. 2007;335:20–22. Sagnarigu District Assembly. Composite budget for 2018–2021 programme based budget estimates for 2018 sagnarigu district assembly; 2018. Cochran W. Sampling Techniques. John Wiley & Sons; 1963. Hogan V, Lenehan M, Hogan M, Natin DP. Influenza vaccine uptake and attitudes of healthcare workers in Ireland. Occup Med. 2019;69:494–499. Gargano LM, Painter JE, Sales JM, et al. Seasonal and 2009 H1N1 influenza vaccine uptake, predictors of vaccination and self-reported barriers to vaccination among secondary school teachers and staff. Hum Vaccin. 2011;7(1):89–95. doi:10.4161/hv.7.1.13460 Kong, H.; West, S. & States, U. The World Medical Association, Inc. Declaration of Helsinki Ethical Principles for medical research involving human subjects; 2008:1–5 Racey CS, Donken R, Porter I, et al. Intentions of public school teachers in British Columbia, Canada to receive a COVID-19 vaccine. Vaccine. 2021;8:100106. doi:10.1016/j.jvacx.2021.100106 Alobaidi S. Predictors of intent to receive the COVID-19 vaccination among the population in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia: a survey study. J Multidiscip Healthc. 2021;14:1119–1128. doi:10.2147/JMDH.S306654 Ahmed MH, Kanfe SG, Jarso MH. Intention to receive vaccine against COVID-19 and associated factors among health professionals working at public hospitals in resource limited settings. PLoS One. 2021;16(7):1–10. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0254391 Nachega JB, Sam-Agudu NA, Masekela R, et al. Addressing challenges to rolling out COVID-19 vaccines in African countries. Lancet Glob Health. 2021;9(6):e746–e748. doi:10.1016/S2214-109X(21)00097-8 Takambou M. Africa: vaccination rollout hindered by hesitancy, low supply. DW; 2021. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. Lamptey E. Post-vaccination COVID-19 deaths: a review of available evidence and recommendations for the global population. Clin Exp Vaccine Res. 2021;10(3):264–275. doi:10.7774/cevr.2021.10.3.264 Malesza M, Sobolewska K. COVID-19 vaccine uptake, predictors of vaccination, and self-reported barriers to vaccination among primary school teachers in Poland. 2021:1–23. Beusekom M; Van, Writer, N. & News, C. Poorer US counties have lower COVID-19 vaccine uptake. 2021:1–2. Terefa DR, Shama AT, Feyisa BR, et al. COVID-19 vaccine uptake and associated factors among health professionals in Ethiopia. Infect Drug Resist. 2021;14:5531–5541. doi:10.2147/IDR.S344647 Xinhua. Ghana records 142 COVID-19 cases in schools after reopening; 2021. Available from: . Accessed February 15, 2022. Joshi A, Kaur M, Kaur R, et al. Predictors of COVID-19 vaccine acceptance, intention, and hesitancy: a scoping review. Front Public Health. 2021;9:698111. Gadais T, Caron T, Ayoub MB, Karelis A, Nadeau L. The role of the teacher in the implementation of a school-based intervention on the physical activity practice of children. Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2020;17(19):1–17. doi:10.3390/ijerph17197344 Karlsson LC, Lewandowsky S, Antfolk J, et al. The association between vaccination confidence, vaccination behavior, and willingness to recommend vaccines among Finnish healthcare workers. PLoS One. 2019;14(10):e0224330. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0224330 Wong LP, Alias H, Wong P, Lee HY, Abubakar S. The use of the health belief model to assess predictors of intent to receive the COVID-19 vaccine and willingness to pay. Hum Vaccin Immunother. 2020;16(9):2204–2214. doi:10.1080/21645515.2020.1790279 
20220221_173939_phl_C000780_A000003	newsinfo.inquirer.net	https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1558741/doh-reports-1534-new-covid-19-cases-active-caseload-tally-further-drops	PHL	(FLE) SWABBING CENTER Female coast guards in full protective gear on Tuesday prepare to man 66 testing booths at Palacio de Maynila, an events venue on Roxas Boulevard that has been converted into a temporary swabbing center to expand the government’s testing capacity for the new coronavirus. The Department of Health aims to conduct 30,000 tests a day by the end of May. —MARIANNE BERMUDEZ MANILA, Philippines — The SARS-CoV-2 virus that causes COVID-19 has infected another 1,534 individuals, the Department of Health (DOH) said Wednesday. The fresh COVID-19 cases were higher than Tuesday’s 1,019 cases. However, the DOH earlier explained that the infections reported on Tuesday were lower due to lower laboratory output during the weekend. According to DOH, the new cases and the additional 2,729 recoveries and 201 deaths placed the country’s current active caseload to 55,449, lower than Tuesday’s 56,668 active infections. Of the active cases, 91.8 percent are either mild or asymptomatic. A total of 652 are asymptomatic, 50,258 are mild, 2,811 are moderate, 1,426 are severe, and 302 are critical. The country has so far confirmed 3,655,709 cases of COVID-19, of which 3,544,283 have recovered and 55,977 have died. The positivity rate was at 6.1 percent, out of 24,527 individuals who got tested for COVID-19 on Monday. Twenty-nine percent of intensive care unit (ICU) beds, 25 percent of isolation beds, and 18 percent of ward beds nationwide for COVID-19 patients are currently occupied. In Metro Manila, 25 percent of ICU beds 24 percent of isolation beds, and 25 percent of ward beds are in use. All testing laboratories were operational on Monday. Only two laboratories were not able to submit their data on time, according to the health department. RELATED STORIES: /MUF Subscribe to our daily newsletter For more news about the novel coronavirus click For more information on COVID-19, call the DOH Hotline: (02) 86517800 local 1149/1150. The Inquirer Foundation supports our healthcare frontliners and is still accepting cash donations to be deposited at Banco de Oro (BDO) current account #007960018860 or donate through PayMaya using this Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. Subscribe to to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, 
20220221_173939_phl_C000780_A000026	entertainment.inquirer.net	https://entertainment.inquirer.net/438858/steffi-aberasturi-not-competing-in-miss-universe-ph-2022-following-my-true-desires	PHL	Image: Facebook/Steffi Pearson Aberasturi Miss Universe Philippines 2021 second runner-up Steffi Aberasturi announced that she will not be joining this year’s competition, stating that she’s now following her “true desires.” “From the moment I joined my first national pageant, I’ve been blessed with immense love and support by a community of dreamers,” she said on her Facebook page yesterday, Feb. 22. “This has made my decision, of not joining [Miss Universe Philippines 2022], one of the most pivotal in my life as it is not just my dream at [play] here.” The Cebuana beauty queen pointed out that her goals now of inspiring others and touching people’s lives are “beyond the universe.” She also expressed her gratitude to those who have been with her on her journey for the crown. “Every end is a new beginning. As I close this chapter, looking forward to the bright unknown ahead, I am following my true desires with new goals and priorities. My heart has been telling me that I have the power to decide how this story will end,” she said. “With this, I will boldly declare that this is not the one last Steff,” Aberasturi added. “Be it on top of a bridge, runway, on stage, or a church aisle, this will not be the final Steff either.” Aside from finishing second runner-up from last year’s competition, Aberasturi also in the pageant’s runway challenge. She was joined by model Maureen Wroblewitz and actress Kisses Delavin in the top three spots of said challenge. Aberasturi recently got engaged to her boyfriend of eight years, Karl Arcenas. He popped the question in an intimate surprise engagement party. JB RELATED STORIES: The hottest entertainment news straight to your inbox Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. Subscribe to to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000783_A000015	news.sky.com	https://news.sky.com/story/bank-of-england-governor-warns-of-consequences-if-wages-and-price-setting-reflects-surging-inflation-12549329	GBR	The governor of the Bank of England has warned that large wage and price rises that reflect surging inflation risk embedding rising costs in the economy that will result in slow activity and increased unemployment. Andrew Bailey told the Treasury committee of MPs that the so-called second round effects of the energy-led rise in living costs were his biggest concern and, if realised, would hurt the least well-off the most and lead to even higher interest rates. However, his calls for wage restraint were met with fury by unions who accused him of representing fat cat bosses rather than ordinary workers.The Bank used the publication of its Monetary Policy Report earlier this month to declare that the was on the way. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player 0:38 3 Feb: Governor explains very big shock from inflation The rate of inflation, already at its highest level for almost 30 years at 5.5%, is tipped by the Bank to hit 7.25% in April when the , with bills expected to rise by an average of almost Ł700 to account for unprecedented increases in wholesale gas costs. The Bank, which cannot control external price shocks, has raised the base rate of interest twice in a bid to counter early evidence that wage growth was picking up fast and risked fuelling the inflation problem into 2023 and beyond. Mr Bailey, who had urged pay restraint earlier this month, clarified that he was not saying people should not get pay rises after Labours Angela Eagle forced the governor to acknowledge that his own wage was above Ł570k a year. He told the committee he wanted to avoid big wage increases that contributed to further inflationary pressures.The governor made his remarks after chancellor Rishi Sunak told Sky News it was not his business to dictate what private companies awarded their staff. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player 2:35 Wage rises not my business Please reflect on the situationMr Bailey told MPs: Its not just wage setting, its also price setting... its both.There is very clearly an upside risk there. The upside risk... comes through from the second-round effects.He agreed those included corporate margins, basic pay, executive pay and bonus levels and added: Its a very harsh message.But he admitted: I cant dictate how people go about this, of course I cant... Please reflect on the economic situation were in with this big economic shock coming.The least well-off will come off worse in this process if we dont have... restraint, he explained.Unions, which have urged employers to help workers navigate surging inflation through improved pay, dismissed his economic argument. Unites general secretary, Sharon Graham, said: Andrew Bailey blew a hole in the Bank of Englands pretence to be neutral when he targeted workers pay packets instead of company bosses and inflated profits.Andrew Bailey has made it clear whose side hes on. Following the last financial crisis workers experienced the longest stagnation of wages since the Napoleonic wars. Now he wants this to continue against a background of soaring inflation, even while big bosses line their pockets.Workers didnt cause galloping inflation or the energy crisis so why should they pay for it?Unite will always seek pay deals that reflect the true cost of living because anything else is a wage cut. 
20220221_173939_mys_C000784_A000008	www.thestar.com.my	https://www.thestar.com.my/news/nation/2022/02/23/police-cartel-issue-eaic-findings-shallow-and-incorrect-says-former-igp	MYS	KUALA LUMPUR: Tan Sri Abdul Hamid Bador is deeply disappointed with the Enforcement Agency Integrity Commission’s (EAIC) findings on the non-existence of a police cartel. The former inspector-general of police said the EAIC report on the system in the police force was “shallow and incorrect”. On paper, it shows the process (of appointments, transfers and promotions of police personnel and officers) is transparent and hard to penetrate. However, there are bad elements that disrupt the process, he said when contacted on Wednesday (Feb 23). Abdul Hamid said he had made a statement on the matter sincerely. I did it for the sake of the country. Be brave for the truth, he said. On Tuesday (Feb 22), EAIC chairman Tan Sri Mohd Sidek Hassan said the commission was unable to determine allegations that there was a “cartel” within the police force as claimed by Abdul Hamid before his retirement. He said they had concluded their investigations into the issue raised by Abdul Hamid on March 18 and March 22 last year. “Based on witness testimonies and documents obtained by EAIC, we cannot confirm the existence of a cartel within the police force as alleged by Abdul Hamid. “The EAIC investigation found there were officers involved in criminal syndicate activities following investigations conducted by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission and the police. “However, Abdul Hamid’s claim that the officers were able to arrange positions in the force to control it for personal gain could not be verified,” Sidek said. He added that the claims could not be verified because appointments, promotions and the transfer mechanism practised by the police and the Police Force Commission (PFC) involved a thorough process and had several layers that were difficult to penetrate and be manipulated by outsiders. “The IGP is a permanent member of the PFC and any proposed appointment, promotion and change of police staffing to the PFC must be approved by the IGP. “Abdul Hamid’s position as IGP cannot be challenged because the appointment of IGP is based on the consent of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, on the advice of the Prime Minister,” he said. Sidek said the commission’s findings have been submitted to the Chief Secretary to the Government Tan Sri Mohd Zuki Ali. On March 23 last year, Abdul Hamid claimed there was a “cartel” within the police force plotting to tarnish his image and topple him. In May, Abdul Hamid was replaced by Datuk Seri Acryl Sani Abdullah Sani, who said the matter was being probed by the EAIC. 
20220221_173939_isr_C000791_A000019	www.tomsguide.com	https://www.tomsguide.com/news/samsung-galaxy-s22-ultra-already-has-a-major-problem	ISR	Update Feb 23: Weve included a video of the display issue in action below and a response from a Samsung rep. Its only a couple of days until the launches, but unfortunately some models of the may be shipping with a dodgy display. sourced by show users who got their Galaxy S22 Ultras powered by an Exynos 2200 chip early are experiencing flashing bands of what looks like TV static across the width of the display when watching video or playing games. One unlucky user has even found the issue happening on the S22 Ultras always-on display and lock screen too. Ignore the flicking effect though, as thats apparently caused by the camera they were recording with.Users who have encountered this issue have all had their S22 Ultra displays to 1440p (QHD) resolution with Samsungs natural color profile. Changing either of these seems to bypass the problem, although if you prefer natural to vivid color, or want to use the full capability of the S22 Ultras display resolution, its disappointing that its seemingly necessary to alter these just to use the phone properly. Note that this display problem seems to be affecting only Galaxy S22 Ultra phones with the chip, not the version that American and Chinese buyers get. This is causing concern that the issue is therefore hardware-based, since a software problem would theoretically affect both versions of the phone, although without further research its hard to confirm that. Samsung respondsSamsung hasnt made a statement itself, but , replying to a long thread about these display problems, gave the following response, apparently from Samsung:We are aware of a limited number of Galaxy S22 Ultra devices experiencing a pixelated line on the display when customer plays Youtube or unlocks the device with fingerprints.This issue may occur rarely when user set the device resolution to WQHD and Screen mode to Natural mode.We have already worked to develop a patch on Galaxy S22 Ultra and will release software updates to address the issue soon.We recommend that until then, please change the screen mode to Vivid or resolution to FHD+ of your device.And please keep your devices updated with the latest software.We have not experienced the above issue with our unit, but it is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chip. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000806_A000011	www.aljazeera.com	https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/2/23/tortured-ugandan-author-rukirabashaija-arrives-in-germany	TZA	An award-winning Ugandan author who fled his country after being charged with insulting President Yoweri Museveni has arrived in Germany along with this son to seek medical treatment after being , according to his lawyer. Eron Kiiza, the lawyer for , expressed “a big relief” to the AFP news agency on Wednesday, announcing his client’s arrival. The novelist was jailed in December and later charged with “offensive communication” in a case that has raised international concern. The European Union was among those calling for a “comprehensive investigation” into rights abuses in Uganda. Rukirabashaija, 33, – after a court denied his application to have his passport returned – ahead of a criminal trial that was due to begin on Wednesday. He said he was tortured in custody and appeared on television earlier this month to reveal painful-looking welts crisscrossing his back and scars on other parts of his body. Rukirabashaija displays scars on his back [File: Hajarah Nalwadda/AP] Rukirabashaija, who was released on bail last month, fled Uganda by walking into neighbouring Rwanda across the hilly border and then travelled to a third country. Following that, the United Nations Refugee Agency facilitated his journey to Germany, according to Kiiza who declined to provide further details. Insulting Museveni The charges against Rukirabashaija relate to unflattering comments on Twitter about Museveni, who has ruled Uganda since 1986, and his powerful son Muhoozi Kainerugaba. In one post, he described Kainerugaba, a general who many Ugandans believe is positioning himself to take over from his 77-year-old father, as “obese” and a “curmudgeon”. The novelist previously told AFP that he planned to return home after getting medical treatment. “I’ve been diagnosed with damaged kidneys, bruised ribs and post-traumatic stress disorder,” he said in a phone interview from a secret location earlier this month. He has described being beaten with batons, forced to dance for hours at a time, attacked with pliers used to tear at his flesh and injected repeatedly with an unknown substance. “I don’t know whether I was poisoned. I’m not feeling fine,” he said. ‘Baby despot’ Since he fled, Rukirabashaija has been tweeting relentlessly, even becoming embroiled in a Twitter spat with Kainerugaba whom he accused of being “in charge” of his torture and branding him a “baby despot”. Rights campaigners have called for an investigation into his claims of torture and urged the authorities to drop all charges against him. “It is intolerable that Ugandan security forces are still torturing and ill-treating detainees,” Oryem Nyeko, Uganda researcher at Human Rights Watch, a global rights group, said in a statement earlier this month. “Instead of prosecuting their critics over tweets, the Ugandan authorities should be investigating this and many other serious allegations of torture by state security in recent years.” Rukirabashaija told the rights group that he was taken to see Kainerugaba during his detention and instructed to stop writing, but the general denied the claim. “I don’t know who this young boy is whom they say was beaten! I never heard of him until the media started talking about him. I’ve never met him or talked to him and I have no desire to do so,” Kainerugaba said on Twitter. Series of crackdowns Uganda has witnessed a series of crackdowns aimed at stamping out dissent, with journalists attacked, lawyers jailed, election monitors prosecuted and opposition leaders violently muzzled. Activists have been repeatedly targeted using the strict Computer Misuse Act which was used against Rukirabashaija and which carries heavy penalties, including jail time. Outspoken Ugandan activist and writer Stella Nyanzi, who fled to Germany earlier this year, was imprisoned in 2019 under the same law after posting a profane poem about Museveni. Rukirabashaija won acclaim for his 2020 satirical novel, The Greedy Barbarian, which describes high-level corruption in a fictional country. He has been repeatedly arrested since the novel was published and said he was previously tortured while being interrogated by military intelligence. He was awarded the 2021 PEN Pinter Prize for an International Writer of Courage, which is presented annually to a writer who has been persecuted for speaking out about his beliefs, and PEN’s German branch has campaigned in his support. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000806_A000021	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/xiaomi_redmi_k50_design_cad_renders-news-53276.php	TZA	Xiaomis Redmi the last week, but we know the company will launch more smartphones under the lineup since we saw the yesterday. And today, we are looking at the vanilla models images, revealing its design. The Redmi K50 looks similar to the Pro version. It has a 6.6 centered punch-hole display on the front, with the back sporting a camera island that reminds us of a few vivo smartphones, including the . The module houses an LED flash joined by three cameras. Redmi K50 Pro • Redmi K50 The Redmi K50 has the USB-C port at the bottom flanked by a microphone and speaker, and up top is the secondary microphone joined by an IR Blaster. The volume rocker is located on the K50s right-side frame with the power button, which doubles up as a fingerprint scanner. The K50 is expected to come with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 SoC, up to 8GB RAM and up to 128GB storage, Android 12, 5,000 mAh battery, and 120W charging. The camera system on the rear is said to comprise 64MP, 8MP, and 5MP units. 
20220221_173939_tza_C000806_A000026	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/style/article/london-fashion-week-aw22-highlights/index.html	TZA	Feature · fashionGlitz, glamour and going out: London Fashion Week returns to the spectacleThe UK capital was back in full swing this season, with a packed physical schedule and an electric atmosphere.Determination was in the air at London Fashion Week, as the usual set of editors, influencers and celebrities braved Storm Eunice and some of the in England, all in the name of fashion. Spirits were high, masks were scarce and the shows were packed. More than 50 labels on the schedule chose to present in person, with the overarching theme for many catwalks being go big or go home. It spoke to a genuine appreciation of the craft, and a palpable desire for normality.This year, billed designers were a mix of established and new talent. Savile Rows first black tailor Ozwald Boateng, for example, returned to London Fashion Week for the first time after a 12-year hiatus. But the event was largely skewed toward newcomers: Postergirl and Conner Ives made their runway debuts, while LVMH Prize-winner Nensi Dojaka -- just her second ever solo show.Although there was a healthy dose of make-believe on offer (James Walsh, a womenswear graduate from Central Saint Martins, fashioned a bustier and pair of shorts out of a tree trunk), the impending removal of coronavirus restrictions in the UK meant some brands left reverie at the door and kept one eye on commercial viability. When we started doing collections over the pandemic, it was just about fantasy, American designer Michael Halpern told CNN. And now that were going back to a collection where part of it will go into stores, you have to be mindful of both worlds.Read on for more takeaways from the London shows.Next generationBritish designer Matty Bovan, winner of the 2021 Woolmark Prize, created his collection in America. Credit: David M. Benett/Getty ImagesHarris Reed was inspired by the royal wardrobe and Elizabethan-era makeup. Credit: Marc HibbertReeds designs were a queerer interpretation of kings...and kweens, according to the show notes. Credit: Marc HibbertThe absence of fashion week heavyweights Burberry, Victoria Beckham and J.W. Anderson meant there was ample space for a new cohort of designers to flex their creative muscles. The 25-year-old Harris Reed staged a regal presentation of his new gender-fluid designs in a baroque-styled Westminster church, while Yuhan Wang -- who graduated in 2016 -- caught our attention with her tasseled leather suits, faux-fur coats and the inclusion of her cat, Misty.Yuhan Wang sent her cat, Misty (far right), down the runway. Credit: Tristan Fewings/BFC/GettyJames Walsh produced a matching tree trunk set for the Central Saint Martins show. Credit: Stuart Wilson/BFC/GettyLife of the partyWhether it be a moving orchestral rendition of Olivia Rodrigos traitor at the Richard Quinn show, a German shoegaze band at Bora Aksu or Sam Smith performing at Reeds presentation, live music was back in a big way this season as designers celebrated the return of physical shows after many had gone virtual amid the pandemic. It was the Roaring 20s for RIXO, who presented their new gilded-age collection against the grandiose backdrop of Goldsmiths Hall, while Conner Ives partied like it was 1999 with face-gems, plaster-white under-eye concealer and silk halter neck tops.RIXO stage an ultra-glam presentation at Goldsmiths Hall in central London. Credit: David M. Benett/Getty ImagesHalperns new collection prioritized glitter, sequins and dramatic fringing. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/BFC/Getty ImagesBritish designer Richard Quinn soundtracked his runway with a live orchestra. Credit: Yui Mok Butterfly clips, beaded sarongs and face-gems gave the Conner Ives show a 90s feel. Credit: Jeff Spicer/BFC/GettyThis was the American designers first London Fashion Week runway. Credit: Jeff Spicer/BFC/Getty ImagesRichard Quinns designs were often larger than life. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/BFC/Getty ImagesAs were Molly Goddards signature taffeta ruffles. Credit: Jason Lloyd EvansGoddard created perfect partywear for Autumn-Winter 2022. Credit: Jason Lloyd EvansWhile Quinn turned elegant evening wear on its head. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/BFC/Getty Images Europe/Gareth Cattermole/Getty Bora Aksu staged his runway inside a mesmerizing church in South London. Credit: Shane Anthony Sinclair/BFC/Getty ImagesBanding togetherThere were some notable collaborations this season, with London-based label Roksanda creating an array of glamping-wear with the help of sports brand Fila -- including wellies and windbreakers that looked more like ball gowns, as well as a puffer jacket large enough to sleep in. Matty Bovans club kid take on Americana similarly included repurposed pieces by Vivienne Westwood, Calvin Klein and Converse All-Star.Roksanda collaborated with Fila on a range of glamping looks. Credit: Estrop/WireImageMatty Bovan upcycled pieces from a range of designers in his Autumn-Winter 2022 collection. Credit: Victor Virgile/Gamma-Rapho/GettyRoksanda held its catwalk inside the Tate Britain. Credit: Jonathan Brady/PA Images/Getty ImagesSex sellsSkin was front and center at the Nensi Dojaka show. Credit: NIKLAS HALLEN/AFP/Getty ImagesSimilarly at S.S. Daley, less was more. Credit: Jeff Spicer/BFC/Getty ImagesThe Fashion East runway gave a new meaning to the term open shirt. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/BFC/GettyRichard Quinn used latex, dominatrix suits and skin-tight silhouettes in his collection. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/BFC/Getty ImagesRising star Nensi Dojaka successfully forged a seductive winter wardrobe by swapping mesh for velvet in her lingerie-inspired Autumn-Winter 2022 show; while British menswear designer Steven Stokey-Daley (of S.S. Daley) veered away from his typical output of bold shirts and Argyle knits to experiment with stripping back -- literally. One of his more memorable looks included nothing but a leather waistcoat, black underwear and a pair of sock suspenders.Famous facesIdris Elba closed the Ozwald Boateng show, held at the Savoy Theatre in London. Credit: Richard Young/ShutterstockTop Boy actor Nicholas Pinnock was also in the model lineup. Credit: David M. Benett/Getty ImagesIrina Shayk strutted the runway in a fuscia pink shawl-dress. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/BFC/Getty ImagesLila Moss made an appearance at the Richard Quinn show, too. Credit: Estrop/WireImage/WireImageOzwald Boatengs landmark show ran on a specific type of starpower. An array of Black talent -- including actor Idris Elba and rapper Dizzee Rascal -- featured in the model lineup wearing expertly tailored jewel-toned suits. Richard Quinn also enlisted a handful of familiar faces, including burgeoning model Lila Moss, the daughter of fashion royalty Kate Moss, as well as Irina Shayk and drag queen Violet Chachki.Top image: Richard Quinn at London Fashion Week 2022. 
20220221_173939_uga_C000808_A000020	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-10542473/Brendan-OCarroll-accused-making-incredibly-racist-joke-actor-Tyler-Perry.html	UGA	Mrs Browns Boys star Brendan OCarroll has been accused of making an incredibly racist remark about US actor Tyler Perry during a live chat on The One Show.BBC viewers blasted the Irish comedian for joking about his black co-stars colour when they appeared together to promote new Netflix movie A Madea Homecoming.The pair, promoting the crossover film of Mrs Browns Boy and Madea, appeared side by side in a video call into the show, which aired at 7pm last night.But while some viewers were angered by the remark, others hit out at presenters Lauren Laverne and Harry Judd for not stamping out the slur.OCarroll declined to comment when asked by MailOnline, while the BBC and Perrys press teams have been approached.It comes as Mrs Browns Boys is reportedly returning to the Corporation as a full series for the first time in nine years.OCarroll, appearing with Perry via video-link, was asked if he thought his fellow guest could feature in Mrs Browns Boys.The 66-year-old pointed to his face and said: So far we havent had anyone of his colour in there so I dont know if we could have him in.But you know what, Id love that, but I think more importantly Id love to do another movie with him.Perry, 52, awkwardly laughed off the remark but said it back to him: Nobody my colour. He added: Time to change the world. Diversity rules, here we go. OCarroll pops up in the latest movie - written and directed by Perry - playing his character Agnes Brown.In a trailer for the film, Mrs Brown greets Madea by crossing her arms and saying Wakanda forever, in reference to the Black Panther symbol.Another clip shows the actor at dinner with Perrys character, where she says Im Mrs Brown, with one of the costars replying: Im a brown too.Mrs Brown starts to reply youre more bla... but is cut off by her on-screen daughter slapping her. OCarroll, appearing with Perry via video-link, was asked if he thought his fellow guest could feature in Mrs Browns BoysSocial media users blasted him for the dig at Perry, saying: OCarrolls attempt at being funny towards @tylerperry on BBC One Show tonight was quite embarrassing.He added: Im sure no malice was meant but that comment was wrong on so many levels.Another wrote on Twitter: Brendan Carol just made a racist remark on the one show and not one person called him out. Shame on you BBC #TheOneShow.One person put: Did Brendan OCarroll just say Tyler a Perry couldnt be in Mrs Browns Boys because hes black on The One Show!?One man said: Hey, BBC, why arent you showing the clip of the incredibly racist remark Brendan OCarroll made immediately after this quote?Another replied to the BBC sharing a clip from the show on Twitter: Ah yes, before the racist remark. Social media users blasted him for dig at Perry, saying: OCarrolls attempt at being funny towards @tylerperry on BBC One Show tonight was quite embarrassingA woman put: What did I just hear from Brendan OCarroll? Another added: Did Brendan OCarroll just say that?One said: Excuse me!? Did I... did I just hear what I thought I heard on the #TheOneShow from Brendan OCarroll.Either I misunderstood or was that blatant racism on a prime time @BBCOne show #wtf.A man posted: Anything with Brendan Carroll/Mrs Brown in is an absolutely no from me.And I cant believe what he just said about Tyler Perry being on his show. Such ignorance.And one person added: You definitely heard Brendan right on #TheOneShow what the actual f*** was that? The BBC has been approached for comment.OCarrolls agent declined to comment while the BBC and Perrys press teams have been approached. The 66-year-old pointed to his face and said: So far we havent had anyone of his colour in there so I dont know if we could have him inMrs Browns Boys has previously been accused of promoting racist stereotypes for its cliched portrayal of the Irish, as well as sexism and and homophobia.It has frequently been panned by critics but is a ratings hit in Ireland, Britain, New Zealand, and Canada. It was also recently revealed as a fan-favourite in Jamaica.OCarroll previously insisted the show will never be driven off the air by political correctness.In an interview with The Irish Sun he said: I dont think Mrs Brown will be affected [by political correctness] and I often question myself is Mrs Brown - me a man dressing up as a woman to play Mrs Brown - the same as blackface? And I decided no its not, because Ive never played Mrs Brown as a man playing a woman like they do in films like Mrs Doubtfire. Agnes is a woman like Dame Edna.I would never go out of my way to be racist or homophobic so Im not that worried myself because I only write what I think is funny, and you hope that enough of an audience agrees with you.The show is reportedly returning to the as a full series for the first time in nine years, having last aired fully in 2013.According to , the cast have now been booked for another series and are due to start filming in April.A source said: Everyone is very excited. Its lovely to be working on another series. The cast cant wait to see Brendans scripts.The show first debuted in 2011 and quickly became a ratings success, with previous specials reaching 11million viewers.Another insider said: This is something that everyone wants to happen, and we are working out the schedule for 2022/23.It was previously reported in 2020 that show creator Brendan signed a new deal with the broadcaster to keep Mrs. Browns Boys on the air until 2026. Mrs Browns Boys is reportedly returning to the BBC as a full series for the first time in nine years The show starring Brendan OCarroll as Irish mammy Agnes Brown last aired as a series back in 2013 and has since aired several specialsHe added the new contract guarantees that every festive edition he creates will be given a coveted slot of 10pm every Christmas Day.If they are not given the spot, they are reportedly not obliged to make the Christmas episode at all.OCarroll told the : Weve been doing it for nine years already – which is six more than The Royle Family had and more than Morecambe and Wise. This new deal we signed last week goes all the way to 2026, which means I will be able to grow into the part, and weve a clause in which guarantees Mrs Brown is aired at 10pm on Christmas night, or else we dont have to make it.He added of the deal: I wanted that because if its not good enough for Christmas Day, then we shouldnt be making it.The show has received a number of awards including the 2012 BAFTA Television Award for Best Situation Comedy and Best Comedy at the TV Choice Awards the same year.OCarroll was nominated for the BAFTA for Best Male Performance in a Comedy Programme in 2012 but lost to Darren Boyd for his role in the Sky comedy series Spy.Meanwhile Perry has also been accused of perpetuating racist stereotypes with his alter ego Madea.He performs in drag as Mabel Madea Simmons and speaks in exaggerated Ebonics while shunning political correctness.Spike Lee previously dismissed the films as humiliating, racially stereotyping coonery and buffoonery.Writer Donald Bogle said: If a white director put out this product, the black audience would be appalled.Despite the criticism aimed at both Mrs Browns Boy and Madea, the shows have remained popular.The movie crossover of the two series, A Madea Homecoming, is set for release on Netflix on February 25. 
20220221_173939_uga_C000808_A000026	futaa.com	https://futaa.com/ug/article/231557/van-dijk-closing-on-an-unbeaten-record	UGA	Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk is closing on an unbeaten record at Anfield having not lost a single Premier League game in the clubs home ground. The Dutchman aided the side to come from a goal down to beat in their last outing and keep pressure on Manchester City who is just now six points above them. The 30-year-old is now just one game from equalling, and two games from beating, the record held by Lee Sharpe for Manchester United with this set to be clocked when they take on Leeds United at Anfield later in the day. A win for the Reds today will see them close the gap between them and City to three points with 12 games still remaining until the end of the season. A loss for will do a lot of damage to their relegation worries as they are just five points off the red zone having been winless in their past four outings. 
20220221_173939_ind_C000811_A000005	www.livelaw.in	https://www.livelaw.in/top-stories/hijab-ban-karnataka-high-court-muslim-dress-code-head-scarf-islam-fundamental-right-erp-192630	IND	Karnataka High Court Full Bench will continue hearing on a batch of petitions challenging the hijab ban in educational institutions.The matter is before a bench comprising Chief Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, Justice Krishna S Dixit and Justice JM Khazi will hear the petitions today at 2.30 PM.On Monday, Chief Justice sought a clarification from the State regarding its stand on banning hijab....Karnataka High Court Full Bench will continue hearing on a batch of petitions challenging the hijab ban in educational institutions.The matter is before a bench comprising Chief Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, Justice Krishna S Dixit and Justice JM Khazi will hear the petitions today at 2.30 PM.On Monday, Chief Justice sought a clarification from the State regarding its stand on banning hijab. This arose in view of the AGs submission that the Government Order dated February 5, which has been challenged in the writ petitions, does not prescribe any ban on hijab and that it is only an innocuous order which asks students to follow the uniforms prescribed by their institutions.What is your stand?Whether hijab can be permitted in institutions or not?, the Chief Justice raised a pointed query.The operative portion of the GO leaves it to the institutions, the AG submitted.If institutions permit hijab, you have objections?, the CJ asked furtherIf the institutions are to permit, we would possibly take a decision as and when the issue arises..., the AG responded.You have to take a stand, the CJI reiterated.My answer is that we have not prescribed anything. The Order , it gives complete autonomy to institution to decide uniform. Whether students be allowed to wear dress or apprarel which could be symbol of religion, the stand of the state is.. element of introducing religious dress should not be there in uniform. As a matter of principle, the answer is in preamble of Karnataka Education Act which is to foster secular environment, the AG replied.During yesterdays hearing AG argued that petitioners have not shown that wearing hijab is an essential religious practice in Islam and thus, the protection under Article 25 of the Constitution is not available to them.FOLLOW THE LIVE UPDATES HERE 
20220221_173939_ind_C000811_A000024	www.indiatoday.in	https://www.indiatoday.in/india/story/christian-dior-tote-bag-lakhs-of-rupees-for-janhvi-kapoor-from-conman-sukesh-chandrashekhar-wife-leena-maria-paul-1916822-2022-02-23	IND	Actor Janhvi Kapoor was allegedly gifted an expensive bag and lakhs of rupees by conman Sukesh Chandrashekhars wife Leena Maria Paul in July 2021, sources have exclusively told India Today TV. Sukesh Chandrashekhar, currently lodged in Delhis infamous Tihar Jail, is being investigated in a Rs 200-crore extortion case by the Enforcement Directorate. The actor, the sources added, is a potential witness in the case and not a suspect or an accused yet.Chandrasekhar, accused of targetting and cheating actors Jacqueline Fernandez and Nora Fatehi, had also allegedly approached Janhvi Kapoor through his wife last year.Leena Maria Paul posed as the owner of a luxe nail salon - The Nail Artistry - and invited Janhvi Kapoor to inaugurate an outlet in Bengaluru on July 19, 2021, India Today TV has learnt. Janhvi was paid Rs 18.94 lakh and an expensive bag from a high-end luxury brand by Leena Maria Paul for attending the event. Unaware of Sukesh and Leenas criminal background, the actor went to Bengaluru for the salons inauguration.Also Read: | India Today TV has learnt that Janhvi had submitted her bank account details to the ED for verification. She received payments to the tune of Rs 18.94 akhs as professional fees in her bank account, the sources added. This, according to sources in the financial probe agency, is the same money Sukesh had extorted from the wife of a Delhi businessman, sitting in his Tihar jail cell.Janhvi told the agency in her statement that she had received a Christian Dior tote bag from Leenas mother on the day of the event.Sources close to the actor said that the invite for the event came through an agency and that she has never spoken or communicated with Sukesh.Actors Jacquelin Fernandez and Nora Fatehi have been making headlines for their alleged links to the conman in the Rs 200 crore money laundering case.Also Read: | In December, Jacquelin Fernandez was questioned by the Enforcement Directorate for over 10 hours over the alleged gifts she had received from the conman. She reportedly admitted to receiving several gifts, including a horse worth Rs 52 lakh, a Persian cat worth Rs 9 lakh, and jewellery. She also had reportedly also received a Mini Cooper which she returned. The conman had also allegedly promised to produce a series of films featuring Fernandez and told the actress that he would produce a whopping Rs 500-crore superhero project featuring her. The franchise was supposed to have three parts.Actor Nora Fatehi, according to the ED, was gifted a BMW car in December 2020 by the conman. But the actor maintained that the car was given to her by Sukesh Chandrashekhars wife Leena Maria for an event in Chennai. In an official statement, Fatehi claimed she was a victim in the case and not involved in money laundering. 
20220221_173939_gbr_C000817_A000023	www.express.co.uk	https://www.express.co.uk/celebrity-news/1570474/jamal-edwards-cause-of-death-heart-attack-Loose-Women-Jane-Moore-news-latest-updates	GBR	After finishing her song, Brenda addressed the mourners and spoke of her wish that her son’s death might unite the community.“If we can do anything in 2022, can we please bring the community together,” the 52-year-old said, according to the Daily Mail.“Stop the fighting. Stop the killing. And build up our community.“We are not supposed to be losing our young people. If you see something happening. Try to stop it please.”In a statement released on Monday, Brenda confirmed the news of her sons death after a sudden illness. 
20220223_165637_pak_C000001_A000018	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/nickel-aluminium-hover-near-multi-year-peaks-ukraine-jitters-2022-02-23/	PAK	Feb 23 (Reuters) - Aluminium and nickel hovered near multi-year highs on Wednesday as Western nations sought to step up sanctions pressure on major metals producer Russia.The United States, the European Union and Britain have targeted Russian banks and elites over Moscows deployment of troops in separatist regions of eastern Ukraine in one of the worst security crises in Europe in decades. Russia produces around 6% of the worlds aluminium and 7% of its mined nickel. Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comAs with aluminium, the nickel price is being boosted by concerns that the supply of nickel from Russia could also be hampered in the event of possible sanctions and retaliatory measures, said Commerzbank analyst Daniel Briesemann.The market for nickel, used in stainless steel and lithium ion batteries, was already undersupplied, with demand buoyant and supply dwindling, Briesemann said.Benchmark aluminium on the London Metal Exchange (LME) eased 0.3% to $3,293 per tonne by 1705 GMT, close to a 2008 record of $3,380.15.Three-month nickel shed 0.6% to $24,410 a tonne, after climbing above $25,000 for the first time since 2011 in the previous session.RIO TINTO: Possible U.S. sanctions on Moscow over the Ukraine crisis may affect Russias aluminium industry, Rio Tinto Chief Executive Officer Jakob Stausholm said.TIGHT SUPPLIES: Analysts at WisdomTree pointed out that supply tightness continued to support industrial metals prices, with backwardated futures curves suggesting that markets were pricing in supply tightness in the coming years.SPREADS: The premium for cash nickel over the three-month contract was near its highest since 2007 at $572 a tonne, as inventories in LME-registered warehouses slid to a more than two-year low of 81,300 tonnes.In aluminium, the LME cash contract commanded a $29 a tonne premium over the three-month contract, pointing to worries over supply.OTHER METALS: LME copper rose 0.5% to $9,868 a tonne, zinc was down 1% to $3,572, lead fell 0.3% to $2,335, while tin was up 1.5% to $45,070.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Zandi Shabalala, Additional reporting by Eileen Soreng in Bengaluru Editing by Mark Potter and Elaine HardcastleOur Standards: 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000015_A000029	www.sarugbymag.co.za	https://www.sarugbymag.co.za/sale-not-confident-keeping-faf-de-klerk-lood/	ZAF	Sale Sharks boss Alex Sanderson has admitted that Springbok duo Faf de Klerk and Lood de Jager could leave the club at the end of the season. The two World Cup-winning Springboks have both recently been linked with a move away from Sale Sharks. It is believed that De Jager is likely to return to South Africa for family reasons, while De Klerk will have plenty of clubs ready to put in a big-money offer for his services. Premiership clubs are having to deal with a reduced Ł5-million salary cap, which Sanderson told The Times would make it very difficult for Sale to match any offer De Klerk receives from a Japanese club. “Faf isn’t contracted to us next season and that is an ongoing discussion,” Sanderson explained. “The most difficult thing [about the reduced salary cap] is that you want to keep them all, but you can’t. Even if you do want to keep them, you are not going to be offering them as much as a French club or a Japanese club. It has been pretty brutal and it is part of the job. “Faf hasn’t left yet but the reality is that he could get offered Ł1m from Japan and that is the nature of the game. That challenge of fitting into the salary cap is quite exciting, but it is not numbers on a page — it is someone’s life and aspirations. Players have a finite time in their career and need to get paid market value, or somewhere near, and if we can’t deliver that then I cannot control it.” De Klerk made a delayed start to the current season after undergoing hip surgery, recently returning from injury. The 30-year-old established himself as a key member of Sale’s squad since joining the club in 2017. Photo: Alex Livesey/Getty Images 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000015_A000036	randburgsun.co.za	https://randburgsun.co.za/444160/shorter-waiting-times-for-covid-19-vaccines-and-boosters/	ZAF	The government has shortened the waiting period between the two doses of the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine and allowed the public to get a booster shot from whichever vaccine maker they would prefer. Photo: Pixabay.com The government has announced changes regarding the administration of both Pfizer and J&J vaccines. The Department of Health said the changes to its vaccination programme are guided by scientific evidence to increase the uptake of Covid-19 vaccines in South Africa. As of February 23, the time intervals between the first and second doses of the Pfizer vaccine changed from 42 days to 21 days. The department also announced that the interval between vaccines as well as booster shots has been reduced. Additionally, people who are fully vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine can now receive a booster shot 90 days after the second dose, instead of the current six-month waiting period. People above the age of 18 who have their J&J vaccine will now be able to receive a booster shot of either the same vaccine or Pfizer after a waiting period of two months. Those that received two doses of the Pfizer vaccine will be able to get a booster shot of either Pfizer or J&J at least three months after their second dose. The department has explained that this is called heterologous booster doses, meaning booster doses are of a different vaccine to which was administered as the primary dose. The choice will be up to the person but the government has encouraged the public to take a booster shot matching their original vaccination which has been termed as homologous boosting as opposed to heterologous. As of February 21, these are the public and private vaccination sites people of Region B and around can visit to get their jab to protect them against severe illness, hospitalisation and death caused by the coronavirus: Sub-district B Danny Van Zyl Recreational Centre, Rex Street, Montclare Berario Recreational Hall, 347 Hoover and Dolores Street, Berario Parkhurst Creational Centre, Corner of 5th Avenue and 24th Street, Parkhurst Windsor Clinic, Corner of Earls Avenue and Beatrice Street, Windsor East Bosmont Clinic, Corner of Maraisburg and Griffith roads, Bosmont Riverlea Clinic, 1 Colorado Drive, Riverlea Sub-district C Cosmo City Multipurpose Centre, 154 Angola Avenue, Cosmo City Discoverers Community Healthcare Centre, 35 Clarendon Drive, Discovery Roodeport Town Hall, 7 Rex Street, Roodepoort Witpooitjie Recreational Centre, 8 Harry Street, Princess Zandspruit Shopping Centre, Corner of Beyers Naudé and Marina Drive, Zandspruit Sub-district E Alexandra Community Healthcare Centre, 33 Arkwright Avenue, Wynberg Sports Complex Alexandra Eastbank (Altrek Stadium), 410 East Bank Avenue, Alexandra Marlboro Recreational Centre, 52 Zinnia Drive, Malboro Gardens Wendywood Sports and Recreational Centre, 89 Darwin Street, Wendywood Sandown Clinic, 139 West Street, Sandown Department urges all those visiting the vaccination sites for both on-site registration and vaccination, especially senior citizens, to remain vigilant of any criminal activities. Such activities and suspicious activity should be reported to the police as soon as possible. 
20220223_165637_usa_C000021_A000006	www.boston.com	https://www.boston.com/weather/snow/2022/02/21/boston-ma-snow-forecast-timing-impacts-friday-feb-25-2022/	USA	Boston.com Newsletter Signup Boston.com Logo Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox. 
20220223_165637_usa_C000021_A000024	boingboing.net	https://boingboing.net/2022/02/23/jerry-lewiss-co-stars-say-he-sexually-harassed-and-sexually-assaulted-them.html	USA	Comedian and film star Jerry Lewis was a sexual harasser and assaulter in the vein of Harvey Weinstein or Louis C.K., according to a new expose. In an accompanying mini-documentary, actress Hope Holiday says Lewis locked her in his dressing room and began masturbating in front of her. Holiday had every reason to trust Lewis. She met the comedian through her father, a theater executive in New York, when she was 13 and considered Lewis family. The year after Holidays breakthrough in Billy Wilders film The Apartment, Lewis offered her a part in The Ladies Man, a 1961 movie cowritten by Lewis that required him to be surrounded by young, beautiful costars. The first day we were working, he said, Can you come to the dressing room afterward? I want to discuss what were going to shoot tomorrow,  Holiday says. I go into this garish dressing room with red wallpaper and gold furniture…and I sit down and he presses a button, locks me in the dressing room with him. Then he starts to talk to me: Yknow, you could be very attractive but you wear pants all the time. I have never seen you in a skirt. You have nice legs and youve got good boobs. Then he starts to talk to me about sex.Sick to her stomach, Holiday told Lewis that her boyfriend was waiting outside. But that didnt stop Lewis. He starts to talk dirty to me and as hes talking, the pants open, and the ugly thing came out and he starts to jerk off, Holiday says. I was frightened…. I just sat there and I wanted to leave so badly. After reading this, I was reminded of this interview with Jerry Lewis. Christ, what an asshole: 
20220223_165637_gha_C000022_A000016	techcrunch.com	https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/23/game-studios-come-together-to-grow-industry-in-africa/	GHA	Ten game development studios in Africa have come together under one umbrella, the Pan Africa Gaming Group (PAGG), in an effort to unify the continent’s gaming sector, which is currently fragmented. The association is further envisioned to drive the uptake of gaming in the continent, and grow developer talent. The announcement was made today against the backdrop of the Africa Games Week 2022, which is taking place in Cape Town, South Africa. The PAGG said they aim to grow the industry by two times annually, and to put Africa “on the map of the global game industry.” The gaming studios in the new lobby are South Africa’s , Senegal’s , Cameroon’s Ghana’s , Tunisia’s , Ethiopia’s , Kenya’s , Tanzania’s , from Rwanda and , with more expected to join soon. Collectively, the current members have developed more than 50 games. The PAGG will bring together games developed by its members for publishing under , an African game store, and , a content hub for Afrocentric creative work. These channels will enable content distribution and monetization by allowing locally relevant payment options, including mobile money and airtime billing. They also plan to increase the number of Africa’s next-generation game developers through training and incubation, a function that has already taken off in Kenya, at the Nairobi Game Development Center. “One of our core values is not just to build a collection of games, but to incubate Africa’s gaming industry of tomorrow. There is a wealth of incredible talent already on the continent, with more graduating every year from top-tier game development schools like Rubika. Most graduates though are relegated to doing remote work for overseas clients due to the lack of local gaming job opportunities. We’re going to fix that,” said Leti Arts CEO Eyram Tawia. PAGG founders are hoping to grow the gaming industry in Africa by two times yearly. Image Credits: PAGG The lobby will be governed by a founders’ council to be made up of top gaming entrepreneurs from the continent and joined by (ex-Goldman Sachs and PWC), who will serve as the group financial officer, and , the BAFTA-nominated director and former game director at Aardman Animation in U.K., as the group creative director. Each gaming studio will maintain its autonomy but will be involved in voting proposals or resolutions brought forth by the council. Dawit Abraham, the CEO of Qene Games (Ethiopia) will be the PAGG’s spokesperson. The gaming industry in Africa is set to grow exponentially due to a soaring interest amongst the youth, and as more people get connected to the internet. According to the 2021 GSMA mobile economy , 303 million people, about 28% of the population in sub-Saharan Africa, are connected to mobile internet, a number that is set to grow to 474 million by 2025, creating an even bigger market for the gaming industry. South Africa has the highest saturation of gamers across Africa, with 24 million people (almost half of its population) playing, according to the Games Industry Africa . Other major markets include Ghana, Nigeria, Kenya and Ethiopia. In 2021, South Africa generated the most total annual gaming revenue at $290 million, followed by Nigeria ($185 million), Ghana ($42 million), Kenya ($38 million) and Ethiopia ($35 million). 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000032_A000017	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/23/elon-musk-cheers-on-justice-department-probe-of-short-sellers.html	BWA	Elon Musk gestures as he speaks during a press conference at SpaceXs Starbase facility near Boca Chica Village in South Texas on February 10, 2022.Jim Watson | AFP | Getty Images CEO Elon Musk told CNBC that he is glad to see the Justice Department is investigating short sellers, who have long been a target of the billionaires ire. He also took a fresh shot at the Securities and Exchange Commission, another of his frequent targets.I am greatly encouraged by the Justice Department investigating short sellers, Musk told CNBC in an email Tuesday. This is something the SEC should have done, but, curiously, did not.The Justice Department is reportedly investigating two investors who have previously shorted Teslas stock. The SEC, meanwhile, has been scrutinizing Tesla, which has prompted a vicious legal fight between the company and the regulator.Musk has taken his grudge with the SEC to the public, insulting the regulator at times. , he called the agency the Shortseller Enrichment Commission. , he made a vulgar dig at the SEC.The SEC recently a letter to a federal judge responding to previous allegations by Musk that the agency had broken promises and engaged in a pattern of conduct amounting to harassment after an earlier settlement agreement. The SEC had in 2018.Reuters that the SEC is also looking into whether Tesla did not properly notify shareholders and the public of a complaint which focuses on fire risks linked to the companys solar panel system.The SEC declined to comment.In addition, Musk took aim at investing firms that rely on short selling in his email exchange with CNBC.Too often, sophisticated hedge funds have used short selling and complex derivatives to take advantage of small investors. They will short a company, conduct a negative publicity campaign to drive the stock price down temporarily and cash out, then do it all over again many times. The term for this, as you may be aware, is short & distort,  Musk said.After CNBC published Musks remarks about short sellers and the SEC on Wednesday, the CEO made additional anti-SEC comments on Twitter. He said he has been building a case against the agency, but did not offer specifics.In 2020, Tesla notoriously by selling red satin Short Shorts.Musk is known for moving markets himself, often with tweets, prompting investors to call . Critics have called him a market manipulator.The Tesla and SpaceX CEOs comments came during the same email exchange during which he also spoke out his ongoing standoff with President Joe Bidens administration.The DOJ probe, according to The , is focusing on alleged instances of so called spoofing and scalping. Spoofing involves illegally using fake orders to pump or crash a stock price while scalping refers to when activist investors close out their positions without disclosing that move.Muddy Waters Research founder Carson Block, a vocal critic of Musks who has shorted Tesla stock, is reportedly among the investors who have been served search warrants by federal investigators in the short-seller probe.Block said in a statement to the Journal: Ive been saying for several years that it is critical for all stakeholders in the ecosystem to develop sophisticated data analysis capabilities to detect problematic trading. Its dangerous to outsource these analyses to nonpractitioners.The New York Times reported last year that Block was moving on from shorting the electric vehicle giant. In a the Times obtained, Block explained his decision to allies by saying the market cap, the luster, the élan of Elon, is still there.Andrew Left, another one-time Tesla short, had his computers seized by federal agents, according to Bloomberg. Left said in that he was shorting the companys stock.Musks war with short sellers goes beyond advocating for his company. He spoke out against shorts during the GameStop stock frenzy last year, when large groups of retail investors on Reddit u cant sell houses u dont own u cant sell cars u dont own but u *can* sell stock u dont own!? this is bs — shorting is a scam legal only for vestigial reasons, Musk said in a in January 2021.— CNBCs Lora Kolodny contributed to this article. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000032_A000031	www.nature.com	https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-021-04354-w	BWA	Petroff, E., Hessels, J. W. T. & Lorimer, D. R. Fast radio bursts. Astron. Astrophys. Rev. 27, 4 (2019). Spitler, L. G. et al. A repeating fast radio burst. Nature 531, 202–205 (2016). The CHIME/FRB Collaboration. The first CHIME/FRB fast radio burst catalog. Astrophys. J. Suppl. Ser. 257, 59 (2021). Margalit, B. & Metzger, B. D. A concordance picture of FRB 121102 as a flaring magnetar embedded in a magnetized ion–electron wind nebula. Astrophys. J. Lett. 868, 4 (2018). The CHIME/FRB Collaboration. A bright millisecond-duration radio burst from a Galactic magnetar. Nature 587, 54–58 (2020). Bhardwaj, M. et al. A nearby repeating fast radio burst in the direction of M81. Astrophys. J. Lett. 910, 18 (2021). Margalit, B., Berger, E. & Metzger, B. D. Fast radio bursts from magnetars born in binary neutron star mergers and accretion induced collapse. Astrophys. J. 886, 110 (2019). Freedman, W. L. et al. The Hubble Space Telescope Extragalactic Distance Scale Key Project. I. The discovery of cepheids and a new distance to M81. Astrophys. J. 427, 628–655 (1994). Lazarus, P. et al. Prospects for high-precision pulsar timing with the new Effelsberg PSRIX backend. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 458, 868–880 (2016). Nimmo, K. et al. Burst timescales and luminosities link young pulsars and fast radio bursts. Nat. Astron., in the press (2022).Keimpema, A. et al. The SFXC software correlator for very long baseline interferometry: algorithms and implementation. Exp. Astron. 39, 259–279 (2015). Charlot, P. et al. The third realization of the International Celestial Reference Frame by very long baseline interferometry. Astron. Astrophys. 644, A159 (2020). Perelmuter, J.-M., Brodie, J. P. & Huchra, J. P. Kinematics and metallicity of 25 globular clusters in M81. Astron. J. 110, 620–627 (1995). Perelmuter, J.-M. & Racine, R. The globular cluster system of M81. Astron. J. 109, 1055–1070 (1995). Moffat, A. F. J. A theoretical investigation of focal stellar images in the photographic emulsion and application to photographic photometry. Astron. Astrophys. 3, 455–461 (1969). Gaia Collaboration. The Gaia mission. Astron. Astrophys. 595, A1 (2016). Gaia Collaboration. Gaia Early Data Release 3: summary of the contents and survey properties. Astron. Astrophys. 649, A1 (2021). Harris, W. E., Harris, G. L. H. & Alessi, M. A catalog of globular cluster systems: what determines the size of a galaxy’s globular cluster population? Astrophys. J. 772, 82 (2013). Marcote, B. et al. A repeating fast radio burst source localized to a nearby spiral galaxy. Nature 577, 190–194 (2020). Marcote, B. et al. The repeating fast radio burst FRB 121102 as seen on milliarcsecond angular scales. Astrophys. J. Lett. 834, L8 (2017). Ajello, M. et al. The fourth catalog of active galactic nuclei detected by the Fermi Large Area Telescope. Astrophys. J. 892, 105 (2020). Abdo, A. A. et al. Detection of gamma-ray emission from the starburst galaxies M82 and NGC 253 with the Large Area Telescope on Fermi. Astrophys. J. Lett. 709, L152–L157 (2010). Hut, P. et al. Binaries in globular clusters. Publ. Astron. Soc. Pac. 104, 981 (1992). Pooley, D. et al. Dynamical formation of close binary systems in globular clusters. Astrophys. J. Lett. 591, L131–L134 (2003). Verbunt, F. Binary evolution and neutron stars in globular clusters. In New Horizons in Globular Cluster Astronomy: Proceedings of a Conference Held at Universitŕ di Padova, Padova, Italy 24–28 June, 2002 (eds Piotto, G. et al.) 245–254 (Astronomical Society of the Pacific, 2003).Wang, B. & Liu, D. The formation of neutron star systems through accretion-induced collapse in white-dwarf binaries. Res. Astron. Astrophys. 20, 135 (2020). Giacomazzo, B. & Perna, R. Formation of stable magnetars from binary neutron star mergers. Astrophys. J. Lett. 771, L26 (2013). Schwab, J., Quataert, E. & Kasen, D. The evolution and fate of super-Chandrasekhar mass white dwarf merger remnants. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 463, 3461–3475 (2016). Zhong, S.-Q. & Dai, Z.-G. Magnetars from neutron star–white dwarf mergers: application to fast radio bursts. Astrophys. J. 893, 9 (2020). Prager, B. J. et al. Using long-term millisecond pulsar timing to obtain physical characteristics of the bulge globular cluster Terzan 5. Astrophys. J. 845, 148 (2017). Mottez, F. & Zarka, P. Radio emissions from pulsar companions: a refutable explanation for galactic transients and fast radio bursts. Astron. Astrophys. 569, A86 (2014). Mottez, F., Zarka, P. & Voisin, G. Repeating fast radio bursts caused by small bodies orbiting a pulsar or a magnetar. Astron. Astrophys. 644, A145 (2020). Ablimit, I. & Li, X.-D. Formation of binary millisecond pulsars by accretion-induced collapse of white dwarfs under wind-driven evolution. Astrophys. J. 800, 98 (2015). Ye, C. S., Kremer, K., Chatterjee, S., Rodriguez, C. L. & Rasio, F. A. Millisecond pulsars and black holes in globular clusters. Astrophys. J. 877, 122 (2019). Heinke, C. O. et al. Analysis of the quiescent low-mass X-ray binary population in Galactic globular clusters. Astrophys. J. 598, 501–515 (2003). Sridhar, N. et al. Periodic fast radio bursts from luminous X-ray binaries. Astrophys. J. 917, 13 (2021). Kaaret, P., Feng, H. & Roberts, T. P. Ultraluminous X-ray sources. Annu. Rev. Astron. Astrophys. 55, 303–341 (2017). Bachetti, M. et al. An ultraluminous X-ray source powered by an accreting neutron star. Nature 514, 202–204 (2014). Webb, N. et al. Radio detections during two state transitions of the intermediate-mass black hole HLX-1. Science 337, 554–556 (2012). Dage, K. C. et al. X-ray spectroscopy of newly identified ULXs associated with M87’s globular cluster population. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 497, 596–608 (2020). Chatterjee, S. et al. A direct localization of a fast radio burst and its host. Nature 541, 58–61 (2017). Ravi, V. et al. The host galaxy and persistent radio counterpart of FRB 20201124A. Preprint at (2021).Bassa, C. G. et al. FRB 121102 is coincident with a star-forming region in its host galaxy. Astrophys. J. Lett. 843, L8 (2017). Tendulkar, S. P. et al. The 60 pc environment of FRB 20180916B. Astrophys. J. Lett. 908, L12 (2021). Piro, L. et al. The fast radio burst FRB 20201124A in a star-forming region: constraints to the progenitor and multiwavelength counterparts. Astron. Astrophys. 656, L15 (2021). Fong, W.-f et al. Chronicling the host galaxy properties of the remarkable repeating FRB 20201124A. Astrophys. J. Lett. 919, L23 (2021). Remazeilles, M., Dickinson, C., Banday, A. J., Bigot-Sazy, M. A. & Ghosh, T. An improved source-subtracted and destriped 408-MHz all-sky map. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 451, 4311–4327 (2015). Reich, P. & Reich, W. Spectral index variations of the galactic radio continuum emission : evidence for a galactic wind. Astron. Astrophys. 196, 211–226 (1988). Mather, J. C. et al. Measurement of the cosmic microwave background spectrum by the COBE FIRAS instrument. Astrophys. J. 420, 439–444 (1994). Whitney, A. et al. VLBI data interchange format (VDIF). In Sixth International VLBI Service for Geodesy and Astronomy. Proceedings from the 2010 General Meeting (eds Navarro, R. et al.) 192–196 (NASA, 2010).Whitney, A. The Mark 5B VLBI data system. In Proc. 7th European VLBI Network Symp. on VLBI Scientific Research and Technology (eds Bachiller, R et al.) 251–252 (EVN, 2004).Kirsten, F. et al. Detection of two bright radio bursts from magnetar SGR 1935 + 2154. Nat. Astron. 5, 414–422 (2021). Agarwal, D., Aggarwal, K., Burke-Spolaor, S., Lorimer, D. R. & Garver-Daniels, N. FETCH: a deep-learning based classifier for fast transient classification. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 497, 1661–1674 (2020). Ransom, S. M. New Search Techniques for Binary Pulsars. PhD thesis, Harvard Univ. 2001).Ransom, S. PRESTO: PulsaR Exploration and Search Toolkit. Astrophysics Source Code Library (2011).Michilli, D. et al. Single-pulse classifier for the LOFAR Tied-Array All-sky Survey. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 480, 3457–3467 (2018). Greisen, E. W. AIPS, the VLA, and the VLBA. In Information Handling in Astronomy – Historical Vistas (ed. Heck, A.) 109–125 (Kluwer Academic, 2003).Shepherd, M. C., Pearson, T. J. & Taylor, G. B. DIFMAP: an interactive program for synthesis imaging. Bull. Am. Astron. Soc. 26, 987–989 (1994). Law, C. J. et al. realfast: real-time, commensal fast transient surveys with the Very Large Array. Astrophys. J. Suppl. Ser. 236, 8 (2018). Polisensky, E. et al. Exploring the transient radio sky with VLITE: early results. Astrophys. J. 832, 60 (2016). Clarke, T. E. et al. Commensal low frequency observing on the NRAO VLA: VLITE status and future plans. In Proc. SPIE 9906: Ground-based and Airborne Telescopes VI (eds Hall, H. J. et al.) 99065B (SPIE, 2016).Bethapudi, S. et al. The first fast radio burst detected with VLITE-Fast. Res. Not. Am. Astron. Soc. 5, 46 (2021). Cotton, W. D. Obit: a development environment for astronomical algorithms. Publ. Astron. Soc. Pac. 120, 439–448 (2008). Offringa, A. R. et al. WSCLEAN: an implementation of a fast, generic wide-field imager for radio astronomy. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 444, 606–619 (2014). Miyazaki, S. et al. Hyper Suprime-Cam. In Proc. SPIE 8446: Ground-based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy IV (eds McLean, I. S. et al.) 84460Z (SPIE, 2012).Bosch, J. et al. The Hyper Suprime-Cam software pipeline. Publ. Astron. Soc. Pac. 70, S5 (2018). Flewelling, H. A. et al. The Pan-STARRS1 database and data products. Astrophys. J. Suppl. Ser. 251, 7 (2020). Garmire, G. P. et al. Advanced CCD imaging spectrometer (ACIS) instrument on the Chandra X-ray Observatory. In Proc. SPIE 4851: X-ray and Gamma-ray Telescopes and Instruments for Astronomy (eds Truemper, J. E. & Tananbaum, H. D.) 28–44 (SPIE, 2003).Fruscione, A. et al. CIAO: Chandra’s data analysis system. In Proc. SPIE 6270: Observatory Operations: Strategies, Processes, and Systems (eds Silva, D. R. & Doxsey, R. E.) 62701V (2006).Kraft, R. P., Burrows, D. N. & Nousek, J. A. Determination of confidence limits for experiments with low numbers of counts. Astrophys. J. 374, 344–355 (1991). Ballet, J., Burnett, T. H., Digel, S. W. & Lott, B. Fermi Large Area Telescope Fourth Source Catalog. Preprint at (2020).Abdo, A. A. et al. A population of gamma-ray emitting globular clusters seen with the Fermi Large Area Telescope. Astron. Astrophys. 524, A75 (2010). Hessels, J. W. T. et al. FRB 121102 bursts show complex time-frequency structure. Astrophys. J. Lett. 876, L23 (2019). Kirsten, F., Vlemmings, W., Campbell, R. M., Kramer, M. & Chatterjee, S. Revisiting the birth locations of pulsars B1929+10, B2020+28, and B2021+51. Astron. Astrophys. 577, A111 (2015). Condon, J. J. et al. Resolving the radio source background: deeper understanding through confusion. Astrophys. J. 758, 23 (2012). Beck, R. et al. PS1-STRM: neural network source classification and photometric redshift catalogue for PS1 3p DR1. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 500, 1633–1644 (2021). Bloom, J. S., Kulkarni, S. R. & Djorgovski, S. G. The observed offset distribution of gamma-ray bursts from their host galaxies: a robust clue to the nature of the progenitors. Astrophys. J. 123, 1111–1148 (2002). Leja, J., Johnson, B. D., Conroy, C., van Dokkum, P. G. & Byler, N. Deriving physical properties from broadband photometry with Prospector: description of the model and a demonstration of its accuracy using 129 galaxies in the local Universe. Astrophys. J. 837, 170 (2017). Johnson, B. D., Leja, J. L., Conroy, C. & Speagle, J. S. Prospector: stellar population inference from spectra and SEDs. Astrophysics Source Code Library (2019).Alam, S. et al. The eleventh and twelfth data releases of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey: final data from SDSS-III. Astrophys. J. Suppl. Ser. 219, 12 (2015). Simha, V. et al. Parametrising star formation histories. Preprint at (2014).Carnall, A. C. et al. How to measure galaxy star formation histories. I. Parametric models. Astrophys. J. 873, 44 (2019). Draine, B. T. & Li, A. Infrared emission from interstellar dust. IV. The silicate–graphite–PAH model in the post-Spitzer era. Astrophys. J. 657, 810–837 (2007). Bertelli, G., Bressan, A., Chiosi, C., Fagotto, F. & Nasi, E. Theoretical isochrones from models with new radiative opacities. Astron. Astrophys. Suppl. Ser. 106, 275–302 (1994). Ma, J. et al. Metal abundance properties of M81 globular cluster system. Publ. Astron. Soc. Pac. 119, 1085–1092 (2007). Kremer, K. et al. White dwarf subsystems in core-collapsed globular clusters. Astrophys. J. 917, 28 (2021). Ye, C. S. et al. On the rate of neutron star binary mergers from globular clusters. Astrophys. J. Lett. 888, L10 (2020). Boyles, J. et al. Young radio pulsars in Galactic globular clusters. Astrophys. J. 742, 51 (2011). Hessels, J. et al. Pulsars in globular clusters with the SKA. In Advancing Astrophysics with the Square Kilometre Array (AASKA14) 47 (2015).Lyne, A. G., Manchester, R. N. & D’Amico, N. PSR B1745-20 and young pulsars in globular clusters. Astrophys. J. Lett. 460, L41 (1996). Macquart, J. P. et al. A census of baryons in the Universe from localized fast radio bursts. Nature 581, 391–395 (2020). Cordes, J. M. & Lazio, T. J. W. NE2001.I. A new model for the Galactic distribution of free electrons and its fluctuations. Preprint at (2002).Yao, J. M., Manchester, R. N. & Wang, N. A new electron-density model for estimation of pulsar and FRB distances. Astrophys. J. 835, 29 (2017). Keating, L. C. & Pen, U.-L. Exploring the dispersion measure of the Milky Way halo. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 496, L106–L110 (2020). Yamasaki, S. & Totani, T. The Galactic halo contribution to the dispersion measure of extragalactic fast radio bursts. Astrophys. J. 888, 105 (2020). Prochaska, J. X. & Zheng, Y. Probing Galactic haloes with fast radio bursts. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 485, 648–665 (2019). Hutschenreuter, S. et al. The Galactic Faraday rotation sky 2020. Astron. Astrophys. 657, A43 (2022). The CHIME/FRB Collaboration. CHIME/FRB discovery of eight new repeating fast radio burst sources. Astrophys. J. Lett. 885, L24 (2019). Michilli, D. et al. An extreme magneto-ionic environment associated with the fast radio burst source FRB 121102. Nature 553, 182–185 (2018). Hobbs, G., Manchester, R., Teoh, A. & Hobbs, M. The ATNF Pulsar Catalog. In IAU Symp. No. 218: Young Neutron Stars and Their Environments (eds Camilo, F. & Gaensler, B. M.) 139–140 (Astronomical Society of the Pacific, 2004).Karachentsev, I. D. The local group and other neighboring galaxy groups. Astron. J. 129, 178–188 (2005). Schlegel, D. J., Finkbeiner, D. P. & Davis, M. Maps of dust infrared emission for use in estimation of reddening and cosmic microwave background radiation foregrounds. Astrophys. J. 500, 525–553 (1998). 
20220223_165637_isr_C000039_A000022	www.nme.com	https://www.nme.com/news/film/the-tinder-swindler-bodyguard-threatens-to-sue-netflix-3167937	ISR	The bodyguard of The Tinder Swindler subject Simon Leviev has issued with a cease and desist letter. Leviev featured prominently in the documentary as having conned several women out of hundreds of thousands of dollars, while his bodyguard Piotr was often seen alongside him. The bodyguard’s attorney Joanna Parafianowicz has now reached out to Netflix to demand they pull The Tinder Swindler from the streaming platform altogether, claiming it frames Piotr as complicit in Leviev’s crimes (via ). Parafianowicz has also asked Netflix to publish an official apology to Peter, who has asked for roughly Ł4.1million in financial compensation. VIDEO “No one has the right to deprive a person of basic rights, such as the right to image and the right to the protection of personal data,” Parafianowicz recently told . “The movie doesn’t tell my client’s story, and it must be underlined – no charges have been ever brought against him regarding this case. He’s never been involved in Simon’s businesses. However, by many viewers, he’s being associated with Simon Leviev’s behaviour.” She added: “Netflix’s production neither have asked my client for permission to publish his image nor for his comment on the case. As a result of the unexpected movie publication and its immediate popularity, my client lost anonymity within just one day, the ability to work as a bodyguard, probably forever, as well as his reputation. “Piotr is in a bad mental state now. We both believe that even such a giant like Netflix cannot violate basic human rights.” . “I’m not this monster,” Leviev, real name Shimon Yehuda Hayut, said of the claims in The Tinder Swindler. “I was just a single guy that wanted to meet some girls on Tinder.” 
20220223_165637_isr_C000039_A000025	www.rollingstone.com	https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/eddie-vedder-mark-lanegan-seattle-concert-tribute-1311481/	ISR	Pearl Jam frontman took a moment to pay tribute to grunge pioneer , who , at his concert in Seattle last night, Feb. 22. “I got here about four o’clock and all of a sudden my body started shaking a little bit,” Vedder told the audience (per a fan-shot video). “I started to feel really terrible and I think it was because I was having an allergic reaction to sadness. Because we lost … there’s a guy called Mark Lanegan. You know, there are a lot of really great musicians, some people know Seattle because of the musicians that have come out of the great Northwest. Some of those guys were one of a kind singers. Mark was certainly that and with such a strong voice.” Vedder added: “It’s hard to come to terms, at least at this point. He’s gonna be deeply missed, and at least we will always have his voice to listen to and his words and his books to read, he wrote two incredible books in the last few years. Just wanted to process it and put it out there, let his wife and loved ones know that people in his old stomping grounds have been thinking about him and we love him.” As frontman for Screaming Trees, Lanegan crossed paths with Pearl Jam in the Seattle grunge scene. Even after the group disbanded in 2000, Lanegan continued to write, record, and tour as a solo musician and with groups like Queens of the Stone Age. For the last few years, Lanegan had been living in Ireland, after moving there from Los Angeles. There, he made plans to work on more music and write more books to follow up the memoirs Sing Backwards and Weep and Devil in a Coma. 
20220223_165637_usa_C000041_A000028	nypost.com	https://nypost.com/2022/02/23/freddie-freeman-news-growing-belief-hell-leave-braves/	USA	As time wears on, it seems as though the Braves and Freddie Freeman could be headed toward a split. After the first baseman led Atlanta to its first World Series title since 1995, a new contract has grown from an inevitability to a question mark. That sentiment only got louder on Wednesday as ESPN’s Buster Olney a “growing belief” that Freeman will end up outside of Atlanta. “I think [the Braves] will move quickly to settle on an alternative and move on to get past the conversation,” an executive told Olney. With free agency currently on a halt due to the lockout, we’ll have to wait to see what happens, but the two sides are reportedly apart on contract length, with Freeman seeking six years and the Braves reportedly offering five years at $135 million. Freddie Freeman could end up leaving the Braves to sign elsewhere.AP “I haven’t talked to Freddie in quite some time, but I’m sure he’s probably a little frustrated that this wasn’t done in Spring Training last year,” Braves Hall of Fame third baseman Chipper Jones “But the fact of the matter is we don’t have any fans in the stands. We’ve got owners that didn’t know where the revenue was going to be at the end of the year and maybe held out a little bit. The bottom line is, Freddie I believe before it’s all said and done will be playing where he wants to play. “I know he’s a West Coast guy. I know he has a home here in Atlanta. But Freddie, if he wants to play for the Atlanta Braves, he will be playing for the Atlanta Braves. I’ll leave it at that.” The Yankees are among the teams that could have a use for Freeman if he were to leave Atlanta. After spending his career with the Braves and finally winning a title in 2021, though, such an outcome seemed unlikely until recently. With baseball’s offseason still frozen, a resolution will only come in time. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000042_A000033	www.republicworld.com	https://www.republicworld.com/science/space/james-webb-space-telescope-to-target-these-seven-earth-like-planets-in-search-of-life-articleshow.html	IND	The James Webb Space Telescope already has a number of subjects lined up for exploration and the list just got bigger. NASA has revealed seven Earth-like exoplanets, which the telescope would focus on to determine if they are habitable and have scope for life. These planets reportedly are part of a system named TRAPPIST-1 which is located about 41 light-years from Earth. (This illustration shows what the TRAPPIST-1 planetary system may look like; Image: NASA) Webb to zero in on the most unusual planetary systems First unveiled in February 2017, the TRAPPIST-1 has the most unusual planetary systems ever found outside of our solar system, says NASA. The Webb telescope, which is currently in its commissioning phase, will focus on these planets to determine their habitability by looking for signs of their atmospheres. It is worth noting that the TRAPPIST-1 is actually a red-dwarf star that has seven Earth-like rocky exoplanets orbiting it. Whats interesting, is that the system is so small that all the planets including the star can fit within the distance between Mercury and the sun. Sean Carey, part of NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) said as per NASAs statement, That folks are even able to ask the question about whether a planet around another star is habitable, that just boggles my mind. Interestingly, Carey was part of a team of astronomers that discovered some of the exoplanets around TRAPPIST-1 using the now-retired Spitzer Space Telescope. During the observations, Webbs subject of interest and the prime target would be the planet TRAPPIST-1e, which is right in the middle of the system. Scientists say that the planet is in the Goldilocks zone, which is believed to be the region that receives the perfect amount of light, allowing water to exist in the liquid state. How would studying atmospheres help find life? With the help of Webb, scientists would study the atmospheres of the exoplanets to determine if they have the right conditions to support life. Previous observations using the Hubble Space Telescope have revealed that planets number d, e and f do not have hydrogen-dominated atmospheres like Neptune. NASA says that planets with such atmospheric composition are less likely to have a scope of habitability. “The hope is that we see carbon dioxide, a really strong feature, right at the wavelengths [detectable by] Webb. Once we know where there are little things peaking up above the noise, we can go back and do a much higher resolution look in that area, planetary scientist from Cornell University, Nikole Lewis said, as per NASA. (Image: @ESA_Webb/Twitter) 
20220223_165637_tza_C000047_A000015	www.siasat.com	https://www.siasat.com/facebook-reels-goes-global-with-new-money-making-tools-for-creators-2280694/	TZA	New Delhi: Meta has launched its TikTok-rival short-video making app Facebook Reels for iOS and Android to more than 150 countries across the globe. To help creators earn money from Facebook Reels, the company said it is expanding tests of overlay ads, starting with banner and sticker ads. “New Facebook Reels features include Remix, sharing to Facebook Stories and more,” Meta said in a statement late on Tuesday. “Watching video is half of time spent on Facebook and Instagram, and Reels is our fastest growing content format by far,” it added. In an alternative to popular video-making app TikTok, Facebook in 2020 started testing its short video-making app Instagram Reels first in India. Mets said that the ‘Reels Play’ bonus programme, part of its $1 billion creator investment, pays eligible creators up to $35,000 a month based on the views of their qualifying reels. “In the coming months, we’ll expand the bonus programme to more countries, so more creators can get rewarded for creating reels that their communities love,” said Meta. The company is also building direct monetisation options for Facebook Reels through ad revenue share and fan support.“We’re expanding tests of Facebook Reels Overlay Ads to all creators in the US, Canada and Mexico, and to more countries in the coming weeks”. Any creator in the US, Canada and Mexico who is part of our in-stream ads program is automatically eligible to monetise their publicly-shared reels with ads. By mid-March, these tests will expand to creators in nearly all countries where in-stream ads are available. The users can find Facebook Reels in Feed, Groups and Watch. 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000066_A000016	www.thequint.com	https://www.thequint.com/tech-and-auto/tech-news/facebook-reels-goes-global-with-new-moneymaking-tools-for-creators	ZWE	In an alternative to popular video-making app TikTok, Facebook in 2020 started testing its short video-making app Instagram Reels first in India.In the coming months, well expand the bonus programme to more countries, so more creators can get rewarded for creating reels that their communities love, said Meta.The company is also building direct monetisation options for Facebook Reels through ad revenue share and fan support.Were expanding tests of Facebook Reels Overlay Ads to all creators in the US, Canada and Mexico, and to more countries in the coming weeks.Any creator in the United States, Canada, and Mexico, who is a part of Facebooks in-stream ads programme is automatically eligible to monetise their publicly-shared reels with ads.By mid-March, these tests will expand to creators in nearly all countries where in-stream ads are available.The users can find Facebook Reels in Feed, Groups and Watch.(Published in an arrangement with IANS.) 
20220223_165637_nga_C000069_A000016	oilprice.com	https://oilprice.com/Energy/Natural-Gas/Africa-To-See-Gas-Supply-Boom-Through-2030.html	NGA	Untapped natural gas supplies in Sub-Saharan Africa are set to be unleashed this decade, with output more than doubling from 1.3 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in 2021 to 2.7 million boepd in 2030 due to vast undeveloped deepwater resources, Rystad Energy research shows.While deepwater developments have played a crucial role in the region’s liquids output to date, averaging about 50% of annual production, gas output from such fields has been minimal. That is expected to change, however, as gas from deepwater reserves will surge in the coming years. Production from deepwater developments will skyrocket from 120,000 boepd in 2021, 9% of total output including shelf and land production, to 1 million boepd accounting for 38% of total output.As global demand for gas continues to rise and importing countries suffer supply headaches, the production outlook for the region is promising. Deepwater production is projected to grow further in the 2030s, with gas output more than doubling in five years to 2.1 million boepd by 2035. Gas from shelf and land reserves will increase by 2035 and will contribute about 46% of the expected 4 million boepd of total gas output from the region, based on estimated recoverable reserves, development timelines and plans.As a result of the booming production outlook, greenfield investments are also projected to soar. Gas and liquids greenfield capital expenditure in the region totaled $12 billion in 2021, with $8 billion spent on deepwater developments. By 2030, total greenfield investments will surge to almost $40 billion, of which $24 billion will go on deepwater projects. “Production in Sub-Saharan Africa is expected to increase significantly in the coming years, with natural gas output in particular set to see a boom in output. Although there have been notable onshore finds, the development of deepwater offshore resources is going to usher in a period of rapid growth for the region,” says Siva Prasad, senior upstream analyst with Rystad Energy.Natural gas production in Sub-Saharan Africa has been historically low, but that looks set to change due to significant undeveloped deepwater finds in countries including Mozambique, South Africa and Mauritania. Deepwater reservoirs tagged to TotalEnergies’ Area 4 LNG project in Mozambique, where trains 1 and 2 are expected to start production in 2028, hold an estimated 2.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent (boe) in gas reserves. South Africa’s Brulpadda field – also operated by the French major – holds 715 million boe, while the BP-operated Greater Tortue Ahmeyim floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) development straddling the maritime boundary of Mauritania and Senegal has an estimated 300 million boe.Of the current potential recoverable reserves across Sub-Saharan Africa, about 60% lie in deepwater regions, of which close to 60% is gas. Mozambique dominates with 52% of the total recoverable gas resources in the area, followed by the Senegal–Mauritania maritime region with a combined 20% and Tanzania with about 12%. Nigeria also holds significant recoverable reserves of gas that will contribute to the expected output hike. On the flip side, Sub-Saharan African liquids production is expected to drop below 4 million barrels per day (bpd) for the first time in more than 20 years but will recover by 2028 and return to 2020 levels of around 4.4 million bpd by the end of the decade. Liquids output is projected to grow in the 2030s, too, with total production of approximately 5 million bpd in 2035.About 40% of the total recoverable deepwater resources in the region are liquids, of which Nigeria accounts for 33% and Angola has 31%. Ghana and Mozambique are two other countries with significant untapped resources, amounting to 8% and 7%, respectively, of the region’s deepwater liquids reserves.Deepwater projects in Sub-Saharan Africa are, however, risky and can be delayed or unsanctioned due to high development costs, challenges accessing financing, issues with fiscal regimes and other above-ground risks. With majors continuing to rein in upstream spending and plow a course on the energy transition to help lower emissions, many deepwater schemes will face challenges getting off the drawing board.Majors are, overall, focused on cutting upstream costs, reducing emissions, increasing renewables and the energy transition, meaning such deepwater projects often have to take a backseat when it comes to apportioning investment. European banks are tightening regulations for funding high-emission hydrocarbon projects, and African banks could struggle to provide the necessary financing. This leaves Asian banks – mainly Chinese – with comparatively less strict regulations on funding fossil fuel developments.By Rystad EnergyMore Top Reads From Oilprice.com: 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000070_A000033	www.nature.com	https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-022-04430-9	ZWE	Skeletal samplesThe skeletal remains that were sampled in this study are curated at the National Museum of Kenya (Kisese II), the National Museum of Tanzania (Mlambalasi), the Malawi Department of Museums and Monuments (Hora 1 and Fingira) and the Livingstone Museum (Kalemba), and sampling permissions and protocols are described in Supplementary Note . Individuals were chosen based on their associated LSA archaeological contexts, and skeletal samples were selected to maximize the likelihood of yielding authentic aDNA and to minimize damage. The Fingira phalanx was an isolated find from a mixed excavation context, and too small to provide both aDNA and a direct date. A list of both successful and failing samples is provided in Supplementary Table . Direct radiocarbon dating was attempted on five of the six successful individuals at the Pennsylvania State University Radiocarbon Laboratory using established methods and quality control measures for collagen purification, before accelerator mass spectrometry analysis (Supplementary Note ). A list of direct date and stable isotopic results for the two successfully dated individuals, and indirect dates where available for the other individuals, is provided in Supplementary Tables and . All dates were calibrated using OxCal (v.4.4), with a uniform prior (U(0,100)) to model a mixture of two curves: IntCal20 (ref. ) and SHCal20 (ref. ).aDNA laboratory workWe successfully generated genome-wide aDNA data from a total of six human skeletal elements: five petrous bones and one phalanx. We processed an additional six petrous bones, eight teeth and 11 other bones in the same manner but did not obtain usable DNA (Supplementary Table ). In clean room facilities at Harvard Medical School, we cleaned the outer surfaces of the samples and then sandblasted (petrous bones) or drilled (other bones and teeth) to obtain powder (additional information for the 15 previously published samples reported here with increased coverage can be found in refs. ,,,). We extracted DNA,, and prepared barcoded sequencing libraries (between one and six libraries for the six newly reported individuals, and between one and eight additional libraries for the previously reported individuals: from Mota Cave in Ethiopia (I5950); White Rock Point in Kenya (I8930); Gishimangeda Cave in Tanzania (I13763, I13982 and I13983); Chencherere II (I4421 and I4422), Fingira (I4426, I4427 and I4468) and Hora 1 (I2967) in Malawi; and Shum Laka in Cameroon (I10871, I10872, I10873 and I10874), treating in almost all cases with uracil-DNA-glycosylase (UDG) to reduce aDNA damage artefacts,,. We used two rounds of targeted in-solution hybridization to enrich the libraries for molecules from the mitochondrial genome and overlapping a set of around 1.2 million nuclear SNPs,,, and sequenced in pools on the Illumina NextSeq 500 and HiSeqX10 machines with 76 bp or 101 bp paired-end reads. Further details on each library are provided in Supplementary Table . For the Mota individual (I5950), we also generated whole-genome shotgun sequencing data, using the same (pre-enrichment) library, with seven lanes with 101 bp paired-end reads (on Illumina HiSeq X Ten machines) yielding approximately 26× coverage (1,176,635 sites covered from the capture SNP set).Bioinformatics proceduresFrom the raw sequencing data, we used barcode information to assign reads to the proper libraries (allowing at most one mismatch per read pair). We merged overlapping reads (at least 15 bases), trimmed barcode and adapter sequences from the ends, and mapped to the mtDNA reference genome RSRS and the human reference genome hg19 using BWA (v.0.6.1). After alignment, we removed duplicate reads and reads with mapping quality less than 10 (30 for shotgun data) or with length less than 30 bases. To prepare data for analysis, we disregarded terminal bases of the reads (2 for UDG-treated libraries and 5 for untreated, to eliminate most damage-induced errors), merged the .bam files for all libraries from each individual, and called pseudohaploid genotypes (one allele chosen at random from the reads aligning at each SNP). The high coverage for the Mota whole-genome shotgun data enabled us to call diploid genotypes; we used the procedure from ref. , including storing the genotypes in a fasta-style format that is easily accessible through the cascertain and cTools software. Code for bioinformatics tools and data workflows is provided at GitHub ( and ).Uniparental markers and authenticationWe determined the genetic sex of each individual according to the ratio of DNA fragments mapping to the X and Y chromosomes. We called mtDNA haplogroups using HaploGrep2 (ref. ), comparing informative positions to PhyloTree Build 17 (ref. ) (Supplementary Table ). For four individuals (I2967, I4422, I4426 and I19528) with evidence of haplogroups that split partially but not fully along more specific lineages, we use the notation [HaploGrep2 call]/[sub-clade direction] (for example, L0f/L0f3 for a split on the lineage leading to L0f3 but not within L0f3). For males, we called Y-chromosome haplogroups by comparing their derived mutations with the Y-chromosome phylogeny provided by YFull ().We evaluated the authenticity of the data first by measuring the rate of characteristic aDNA damage-induced errors at the ends of sequenced molecules. We next searched directly for possible contamination by examining (1) the X/Y ratio mentioned above (in case of contamination by sequences from the opposite sex), (2) the consistency of mtDNA-mapped sequences with the haplogroup call for each individual and (3) the heterozygosity rate at variable sites on the X chromosome (for males only). Two individuals (I2966 from Hora 1 and I13763 from Gishimangeda Cave) had non-negligible evidence of contamination from these metrics and also displayed excess allele sharing with non-Africans in the admixture graph analysis; we were able to fit them in the final model after allowing ‘artificial’ admixture from a European-related source (6% and 9%, respectively). We also restricted ourselves to damaged reads in making the mtDNA haplogroup call for I2966. Further details are provided in Supplementary Table and Supplementary Note .Familial relativesWe searched for close family relatives by computing, for each pair of individuals, the proportion of matching alleles (from all targeted SNPs) when sampling one read at random per site from each. We then compared these proportions to the rates when sampling two alleles from the same individual—mismatches are expected to be twice as common for unrelated individuals as for within-individual comparisons, with family relatives intermediate. We found one possible instance between the two individuals from White Rock Point (approximately second-degree relatives, but uncertain due to low coverage) (Extended Data Fig. )Dataset for genome-wide analysesWe merged our newly generated data with published data from ancient and present-day individuals,,,,,,,,. We performed our genome-wide analyses using the set of autosomal SNPs from our target enrichment (about 1.1 million).PCAWe performed a supervised PCA using the smartpca software, using three populations (Ju|hoansi, Mbuti and Dinka; four individuals each, from ref. , were chosen to create a broad separation in the PCA between highly divergent ancestral lineages from southern, central and eastern Africa) to define a two-dimensional plane of variation, and projected all other present-day and ancient individuals (using the lsqproject and shrinkmode options). This procedure captures the genetic structure of the projected individuals in relation to the groups used to create the axes, reducing the effects of population-specific genetic drift in determining the positions of the individuals shown in the plot, as well as bias due to missing data for the ancient individuals. f-statisticsWe computed f-statistics in ADMIXTOOLS, with standard errors estimated by block jackknife. To facilitate the use of low-coverage data, we used a new program, qpfstats (included as part of the ADMIXTOOLS package), together with the option ‘allsnps: YES,’ for both stand-alone f4-statistics and statistics for use in qpWave and qpGraph (see below). In brief, qpfstats solves a system of equations based on f-statistic identities to enable the estimation of a consistent set of statistics while maximizing the available coverage and reducing noise in the presence of missing data; full details are provided in Supplementary Note . We computed statistics of the form f4(Ind1, Ind2; Ref1, Ref2), where Ind1 and Ind2 are ancient individuals from Kenya, Tanzania or Malawi/Zambia, and Ref1 and Ref2 are either ancient southern African foragers (AncSA, listed in Extended Data Table ), the Mota individual or present-day Mbuti. These groups were chosen in light of our PCA results and the previous evidence for ancestry related to some or all of them among ancient eastern and south-central African foragers,,.qpWave analysisThe qpWave software estimates how many distinct sources of ancestry (from 1 to the size of the test set) are necessary to explain the allele-sharing relationships between the specified test populations and the outgroups (where ‘distinct’ means different phylogenetic split points relative to the outgroups). Each test returns results for different ranks of the allele-sharing matrix, where rank k implies k + 1 ancestry sources. For absolute fit quality, we give the ‘tail’ P value, where a higher value indicates a better fit. We also give ‘taildiff’ P values as relative measures comparing consecutive rank levels, where a higher value indicates less improvement in the fit when adding another ancestry source. As our base test set, we used the 12 ancient eastern and south-central African forager individuals (3 from Kenya, 3 from Tanzania, 5 from Malawi and 1 from Zambia) from our admixture graph Model 3 who did not have evidence of either admixture from food producers or contamination. We also compared results when adding the Mota individual to the test set. As outgroups, we used Altai Neanderthal, Mota and the following eight present-day groups: Ju|hoansi, <U+01C2>Khomani, Mbuti, Aka, Yoruba, French, Agaw and Aari, with the last two (as well as Mota) omitted when we moved Mota to the test set.Dates of admixtureWe inferred dates of admixture using the DATES software. We used a minimum genetic distance of 0.6 cM, a maximum of 1 M and a bin size of 0.1 cM. As reference populations, we used ancient southern African foragers together with one of Mota, Dinka, Luhya, Yoruba or European-American individuals (the latter three from 1000 Genomes: LWK, YRI and CEU). The results assume an average generation interval of 28 years, and standard errors were estimated by block jackknife.Admixture graph fittingWe built admixture graphs using the qpGraph software in ADMIXTOOLS. We chose to analyse each eastern and south-central forager individual separately rather than form subgroups (for example, by site or time period) to study both broad- and fine-scale structure (through relationships between individuals with both low and high degrees of ancestral similarity). Although such an approach was facilitated by our relatively manageable sample sizes, it also relied on the ability to compute f-statistics with our qpfstats methodology (further details are provided in Supplementary Note and the ‘f-statistics’ section above) to make use of all available SNPs for individuals with low-coverage data. For all of the models, we used the options ‘outpop: NULL’, ‘lambdascale: 1’ and ‘diag: 0.0001.’ We also specified larger values of the ‘initmix’ parameter to explore the space of graph parameters more thoroughly: 100,000, 150,000 and 200,000 for models 1–3 (and additional models built from them), respectively.We began with a version of the admixture graph from ref. , to which we added three high-coverage ancient forager individuals (from Jawuoyo, Kisese II and Fingira) to create model 1. We then extended our model to more individuals. We used a procedure in which we (1) added each other ancient individual one by one to model 1 and evaluated the fit; (2) built an intermediate-size model 2 including a total of 11 geographically diverse eastern and south-central African foragers; (3) added the remaining individuals one by one to model 2; and (4) built our final Model 3 with all 18 individuals above a coverage threshold of 0.05× (Supplementary Note ). In steps (1) and (3), as a starting point, we assumed a simple form of admixture (as in model 1) whereby all eastern and south-central African individuals derived their ancestry from exactly the same three sources (in varying proportions). If we found that an individual did not fit well when added in this manner, we noted the specific violation(s) to determine whether the likely cause(s) were excess relatedness to certain other individuals, distinct source(s) for the three-way admixture, admixture from other populations, or contamination or other artefacts. For the two individuals (one from Hora 1 and one from Gishimangeda) with evidence of appreciable contamination, we included dummy admixture events contributing non-African-related ancestry. Full details on our fitting procedures are provided in Supplementary Note .Excess relatedness analysisTo study excess relatedness between individuals after correcting for different proportions of Mota-related, central-African-related and southern-African-related ancestry, we built an admixture graph similar to our main model 3, but in which each forager individual is descended from an independent mixture of the three ancestry components, without accounting for excess shared genetic drift. We also included four additional individuals with lower coverage (three from Kenya and one from Chencherere II in Malawi), but excluded the two early individuals from Hora 1 due to their much greater time depth compared with other individuals in the model. Finally, for individuals modelled with admixture beyond the primary three sources (that is, pastoralist-related ancestry for four individuals, western-African-related ancestry for the Panga ya Saidi individual and the excess central-African-related ancestry for the Kakapel individual, plus dummy admixture for contamination), we locked the relevant branch lengths and mixture proportions at their values from model 3 to prevent compensation for the inaccuracies in the model by these parameters. We next used the residuals (fitted minus observed values) of each outgroup f3-statistic f3(Neanderthal; X, Y) to quantify the excess relatedness between individuals X and Y that is unaccounted for by the model. In other words, we fit each individual as we did during the add-one phase of the main admixture graph inference procedure (except here all simultaneously) but now, instead of using the model violations to inform the building of a well-fitting model, we used them directly as the output of the analysis.We plotted the excess relatedness residuals for each pair of individuals as a function of great-circle distance between sites, as computed using the haversine formula (also adding a dummy value of 0.001 km to each distance). We fit curves to the data with the functional form 1/mx, additionally allowing for translation (full equation: y = 1/(mx + a) + b, where y is excess relatedness, x is distance, and m, a and b are fitted constants) through inverse-variance-weighted least squares. We also omitted the point corresponding to the pair of individuals from White Rock Point (Kenya) because of their evidence for close familial relatedness (see above). Finally, we computed a decay scale for the curves given by the formula (e – 1)× a/m (where e is Eulers number). We note that a residual (that is, y axis) value of zero has no special meaning in the plots.For Mesolithic Europe, we performed two analogous analyses, one for the western part of the continent and one for eastern and northern. In the first analysis, we selected individuals with predominantly western hunter-gatherer (WHG)-related ancestry, while in the second analysis, we selected individuals who could be modelled as admixed with WHG as well as eastern hunter-gatherer (EHG)-related ancestry (Supplementary Table ). In both cases, we built simple admixture graph models to estimate the residuals. For western Europe, we used the Upper Palaeolithic Ust’-Ishim individual from Russia as an outgroup and fit all of the test individuals as descending from a single ancestral lineage. For eastern and northern Europe, we used Ust’-Ishim as an outgroup, Mal’ta 1 from Siberia for a representative of ancient northern Eurasian ancestry, Villabruna from Italy for WHG, Karelia from Russia,, for EHG (admixed with ancestry related to Mal’ta and to Villabruna) and finally the test individuals each with independent mixtures of WHG and EHG-related ancestry in varying proportions.Effective population size inferenceWe called ROH starting with counts of reads for each allele at the set of target SNPs (rather than our pseudohaploid genotype data), which we converted to normalized Phred-scaled likelihoods. We performed the calling using BCFtools/RoH, which is able to accommodate unphased, relatively low-coverage data (at least for calling long ROH) and does not rely on a reference haplotype panel. The method is also robust to modest rates of genotype error, such as that which could occur here as a result of aDNA damage or contamination, although we recommend some caution in interpreting the results for I2966 (Hora 1) and I0589 (Kuumbi Cave; for this analysis only, we used the version of the published data with UDG-minus libraries included, for a total of around 2× average coverage). We also note that the nature of any possible effect on the final inferences is uncertain; errors could deflate the population size estimates by breaking up ROH, but they could also break very long ROH into shorter but still long blocks, which have the strongest influence on the population size estimates. In the absence of population-level data from related groups, we specified a single default allele frequency (‘--AF-dflt 0.4’) and no genetic map (although we subsequently converted physical positions to genetic distances using ref. , which we expect to be reasonably accurate at the length scales that we are interested in). For our analyses, we retained ROH blocks with length >4 cM. In three instances, we merged blocks with a gap of <0.5 cM and at most two apparent heterozygous sites between them.From the ROH results, we applied the maximum likelihood approach from ref. to estimate recent ancestral effective population sizes (Ne). We used all ROH blocks of longer than 4 cM, except for three individuals (KPL001 from Kakapel in Kenya, I9028 from St Helena, South Africa, and I9133 from Faraoskop, South Africa) with high proportions of very long ROH (a sign of familial relatedness between parents—approximately at the first-cousin level in these cases—rather than of longer-term low population size), for whom we used only blocks from 4–8 cM.We note that, even within a randomly mating population, the number and extent of ROH can vary substantially between individuals, which is reflected in the large standard errors of the Ne estimates for small sample sizes. We also note that recent admixture can influence ROH (and therefore Ne estimates) by making coalescence between an individual’s two chromosomes less likely, but on the basis of the other results of our study, we do not expect a substantial effect for these individuals.Reporting summaryFurther information on research design is available in the linked to this paper. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000078_A000003	www.namibian.com.na	https://www.namibian.com.na/110250/read/NDF-major-jailed-over-gun-murder	NAM	2022-06-03FORMER Black Africa and national team netball star Yvonne Kotjipati, who was born and bred at Okahandja, started her netball journey at Nau-Aib Primary School before she further honed her skills at Jan Mohr Secondary School in Windhoek. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000078_A000022	www.vox.com	https://www.vox.com/recode/22940621/apple-iphone-focus-tool-notifications	NAM	You’re trying to focus on work, so you need to see notifications from Slack — but not from, say, your mom and Facebook. But what if the plumber who’s supposed to fix your sink tries to call, or if your mom really does have an emergency and is not just sending you an out-of-focus photo of her new shower curtain? Apple’s new productivity tool for iPhones, Focus, is intended to limit distractions by letting you specify when you want to turn off notifications from certain apps and contacts. The problem is it’s not especially intuitive and takes a lot of work to set up right. As a result, since Apple began rolling out the feature to iPhone users in September, many people have missed work calls, home repair visits, and doctor appointments. Social media is full of confused people wondering why they and why it seems as though everyone’s . People are wondering if their daughters are mad at them or if the person who urgently called about a plugged sink suddenly figured out how to unclog the drain on their own. In an effort to help people avoid distractions, Apple has created new ones for some. Sign up for the newsletter Recode Get the best of Recodes essential reporting on tech and business news. The Focus feature, which Apple says “lets you stay in the moment when you need to concentrate,” is the latest and other tech companies meant to on us. After all, our phones and computers have become our main communication method, our entertainment, and, for some, our source of livelihood. The feature was introduced as part of Apple’s new operating system , though it has taken months for it to roll out widely to most iPhone users. And how it rolled out is part of the problem. When you did finally update your iOS software — or you remembered to leave your phone plugged in at night so it could automatically update — all you saw was a quick notification telling you that the tool existed and offering to show you what it does. That’s the type of notification that busy, harried people — precisely those who might need the feature in the first place — quickly swipe out of the way and plan to get to later, someday. When some of them finally did remember to use the feature, they might not completely understand what it does. Apple did not respond to a question about what share of iPhone users are using the feature. Even people who work on this sort of stuff for a living had trouble with Focus. , a user experience designer who specializes in design systems, says she appreciates Apple’s minimal design but missed a psychiatric appointment when she turned on the personal version of Focus, which lets you customize which contacts and apps you want to hear from on your own time. She didn’t realize that to get those appointment notifications, she’d have to add her calendar to a list of acceptable apps or opt to allow time-sensitive notifications to get through even in Focus mode. That kind of mishap can have real repercussions. “I wouldn’t get my prescription filled in time, and I’d probably be out for lord knows how many days the next availability is,” Bowen said. “In these instances, when it’s a really big feature and it will interfere with your life in terms of missing calls or important reminders from your calendar, I don’t think they really thought that out.” She added, “There wasn’t really time in my life to actually allow me to set it up properly, nor did it inform me of what it would do.” That means mere mortals don’t stand much of a chance, especially since the setup is lengthy and nonintuitive. ( the options “daunting” but ultimately “worth it.”) That’s because turning on Focus turns off all your notifications from people and apps you don’t specifically add, rather than just the specific people and apps you’d like to mute notifications from. (When setting up the different focus modes, Apple does offer some suggestions of people to add as exceptions based on your recent device usage.) While the process of inclusion rather than exclusion works in some circumstances, it doesn’t here, Bowen said. How could you anticipate that you’d want to add, say, your exterminator as a contact you’d want to get through to you even while your Focus mode is on? Or maybe you didn’t realize putting on “do not disturb” also meant shutting off something as important as calendar notifications. Finally, by default, the feature tells others you’ve silenced notifications — an announcement not everyone would assume you’re signed up for. The setup of this feature seems to contradict Apple’s longstanding reputation for building technology that’s easy to use. As Dieter Bohn at The Verge , playing on an old Apple slogan: “Figuring out Apple settings have gone from ‘It just works’ to ‘It’s just work.’” Users’ complaints about the product suggest they misunderstand what it does or how to use it, or perhaps mistakenly activated it in the first place. Either way, it’s not on them, but on Apple. Amber Case, author of , a book about designing technology to be less taxing on our attention, thinks Apple is on the right path but hasn’t gotten there yet. “I commend them for trying something that’s hard,” Case told Recode. “They should keep going and test more granularly and keep trying. This will get better over time.” That said, Case thinks Apple could have done things better from the start, by calling it an experimental feature or by better coaching people how to use it. Case also said there should be an easier way to report errors or edge cases that don’t work. “All of the people using this feature right now are part of a huge beta test,” Case said. Apple, for its part, said it beta tested the setting soon after it was announced in June to September 2021, so developers and members of the public could download the feature and provide feedback. The company said that it will continue to monitor social media and Apple support to learn what issues iPhone users are having with it and to make improvements. Introducing features that encourage people to control their devices rather than have their devices control them is certainly a step in the right direction. However, making it easier to use them less should be just as easy as using them too much in the first place. This story was first published in the Recode newsletter. so you don’t miss the next one! 
20220223_165637_pak_C000085_A000006	arynews.tv	https://arynews.tv/covid-19-claims-43-more-lives-pakistan-24-hours/	PAK	ISLAMABAD: Covid-19 has claimed 43 more lives in Pakistan during the last 24 hours, pushing the death toll to 30,096, the NCOC shared on Wednesday. According to the National Command and Operation Centre (NCOC), 1,232 fresh cases of Covid-19 were reported during the period when 41,744 tests were conducted. The test remained 2.95pc. The number of Covid-19 patients in critical care at various hospitals across the country stands at 1,230. The NCOC today revised its policy for inbound passengers, which will come into force from tomorrow (Feb 24), fully vaccinated inbound passengers will not be required to undergo PCR test before travelling to Pakistan. However, non-vaccinated individuals aged over 12 years will have to submit negative PCR conducted 72 hours before departure. The has made vaccination mandatory for all inbound passengers with exemption for individuals below the age of 12 years. Pakistan recently received 4.7 million more doses of Pfizer vaccine via the COVAX global distribution, bringing the total number of vaccines donated to almost 57m. To date, the United States has donated over 453m vaccines around the world, and Pakistan has received a significant amount of doses, the US embassy said in a statement. Comments 
20220223_165637_usa_C000087_A000001	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/us-allies-step-up-sanctions-pressure-russia-over-ukraine-2022-02-23/	USA	Explosions heard in DonetskKyiv declares state of emergency, calls up reservistsBlinken says still time for diplomacyU.N. Security Council to meet WednesdayKYIV/DONETSK, Feb 23 (Reuters) - Separatists in Ukraine asked Moscow to help repel aggression on Wednesday and explosions rocked the breakaway eastern city of Donetsk as the United States warned everything is in place for a major attack by Russia on its neighbor.Hours after the breakaway regions issued their plea, at least five explosions were heard in the separatist-held eastern Ukraine city of Donetsk on Thursday morning, a Reuters witness said. Four military trucks were seen heading to the scene.Airlines should stop flying over any part of Ukraine because of the risk of an unintended shootdown or a cyber attack targeting air traffic control amid tensions with Russia, a conflict zone monitor said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comRussia has positioned its forces at the final point of readiness, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken told NBC Nightly News. Everything seems to be in place for Russia to engage in a major aggression against Ukraine.The United Nations Security Council will discuss the stand-off on Wednesday night, diplomats said, in the 15-member bodys second late night meeting on the crisis this week.Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke separately with her counterparts from Britain and Canada, with officials planning to stay in close touch on potential further responses. G7 leaders are also due to talk on Thursday.Convoys of military equipment including nine tanks were seen moving towards Donetsk earlier on Wednesday from the direction of the Russian border, a Reuters witness reported.Shelling has intensified since Russian President Vladimir Putin recognised two separatist regions as independent and ordered the deployment of what he called peacekeepers, a move the West calls the start of an invasion.Moscow has long denied that it has plans to invade despite massing tens of thousands of troops near its neighbor.I am asking for help to repel the Ukrainian regimes military aggression against the population of the Donetsk Peoples Republic, said Denis Pushilin who heads the area Moscow recognised as independent, according to TASS news agency.The White House rejected the separatist plea for help as another Russian false flag operation, a fake crisis manufactured to justify greater intervention.This is an example of it, White House press secretary Jen Psaki told reporters. That is suggesting that they feel under threat. By whom? The Ukrainians that the Russians are threatening to attack?U.N. chief Antonio Guterres has dismissed claims of a genocide in eastern Ukraine. Under international law, genocide is an intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group.WAR FOOTING?A total of 80% of the soldiers assembled are in a position to launch a full-scale invasion on Ukraine, a senior U.S. defence official said.A Ukrainian frontier guard checks a mans documents at the Hoptivka (Goptovka) crossing on the Ukrainian-Russian border in the Kharkiv region, Ukraine February 23, 2022. REUTERS/Antonio BronicSatellite imagery taken on Wednesday showed new deployments in western Russia, many of them within 10 miles (16 km) of the border with Ukraine and less than 50 miles from the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, U.S. satellite company Maxar said.The images showed field deployment, military convoys, artillery and armoured personnel carriers with support equipment and troops. The images could not be independently verified by Reuters.Russia has partially closed airspace in the Rostov flight information region to the east of its border with Ukraine in order to provide safety for civil aviation flights, according to its notice to airmen.A 30-day state of emergency in Ukraine restricting the freedom of movement of conscripted reservists, curbing the media and imposing personal document checks, according to a draft text, begins on Thursday.The Ukrainian government has also announced compulsory military service for all men of fighting age.While the West has held off the most stringent sanctions measures it could impose, the United States stepped up the pressure by imposing sanctions on the firm building the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline and its corporate officers.Germany on Tuesday froze approvals for the pipeline, which has been built but was not yet in operation, amid concerns it could allow Moscow to weaponize energy supplies to Europe.The rouble plunged more than 3% as the European Union blacklisted Russian lawmakers, freezing their assets and banning travel. Wall Street slipped on news of security measures taken by Ukraines government. SILENCE ON TALKSUkrainian government websites, which have experienced outages in recent weeks blamed by Kyiv on cyber attacks, were again offline on Wednesday. Ukraines parliament, cabinet and foreign ministry websites were affected.Moscow has described warnings of an invasion as anti-Russian hysteria. On Wednesday, it took down flags from its embassy in Kyiv, having ordered its diplomats to evacuate for safety reasons.Ukraines military said one soldier had been killed and six wounded in increased shelling by pro-Russian separatists using heavy artillery, mortar bombs and Grad rocket systems in the two breakaway areas in the last 24 hours.Russia says the crisis is a dispute with the West, demanding security guarantees, including a promise never to allow Ukraine to join NATO.But the recognition of the separatist regions was accompanied by much stronger language against Ukraine, which Putin called an artificial construct wrongly carved out of Russia by its enemies.While both sides have said they are still open to diplomacy to resolve the crisis, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said Moscow had approved an offensive and not replied to an invitation for talks.Today I initiated a telephone conversation with the President of the Russian Federation. The result was silence, he said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Reuters bureaus, Writing by Costas Pitas and Stephen Coates; Editing by Rosalba OBrien and Lincoln FeastOur Standards: 
20220223_165637_usa_C000087_A000007	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/23/weather/winter-storm-forecast-ice-cold/index.html	USA	It might seem like déjŕ vu in regard to a storm dropping a wintry mix and heavy rain across the US earlier this week. And in many ways, it is.However, the new storm is bringing more substantial amounts of ice. Ice accumulation totals associated with the storm pose a major threat to travel and infrastructure in areas across the central US to the Northeast. Significant ice accumulations greater than 0.25 are likely from the Red River Valley of Texas through the Ozarks and southeast Missouri. Locally, damaging ice of 0.5 or more is possible which could lead to scattered power outages, tree damage, and dangerous travel, the Weather Prediction Center (WPC) . The south-central US is the bulls-eye for ice accumulation, looking at possible totals of up to three-quarters of an inch across areas of northeast Arkansas Thursday, creating hazardous conditions.Travel could be nearly impossible, the National Weather Service (NWS) office in Little Rock cautioned. It might not feel like it today, but the Northeast is not out of the woods either, as a similar wintry mix is headed their way Friday.As the system moves across the Great Lakes region overnight Thursday and into southern New England early Friday, heavy snow and significant ice are expected. South-central Pennsylvania and western Maryland could see ice accumulations of up to a quarter of an inch. Although they may be more accustomed to winter weather, widespread hazardous travel and damage to the power infrastructure are expected, the WPC warned. Six inches of snow or more is expected across much of the Northeast and southern New England, with areas of Massachusetts likely to see almost a foot of snow. Boston is forecast to see around nine inches by the end of the week.New York City is projected to see around two and a half inches of snow Thursday night, transitioning into a wintry mix and eventually into rain Friday. The low-pressure system delivering an icy mix from Texas to New York is also dropping feet of snow across the Rockies Wednesday, causing concern for avalanches. Some areas in higher elevations could see up to 4 feet of snow from the storm. Large amounts in the higher elevations of Colorado led the to issue avalanche warnings from Wednesday to Thursday morning. Very dangerous avalanche conditions exist in the backcountry. Heavy snow and strong winds will result in natural avalanches, the Center said.Strong winds will also make it feel even colder than it already is.This winter storm is looking to break temperature records on both ends of the spectrumTemperatures across much of the Rockies, Plains, and Mississippi Valley are dropping drastically, ranging from 20-40 degrees below average, according to the WPC. Low temperatures are looking to equal or edge out previous cold daily temperature records.More than 10 million people are currently under wind chill advisories and warnings, stretching over 14 states. Areas across the Plains are experiencing life-threatening conditions with wind chills ranging from -30 to -50 degrees. The dangerously cold wind chills could cause frostbite on exposed skin in as little as 10 minutes, the NWS in Bismark, ND, said. However, East Coast temperatures are telling a different story. In contrast, temperatures will be 10 to 20 degrees above average over most of the East Coast, with several locations having record-breaking or tied high temperatures from Wednesday into Thursday morning, the WPC said. An extreme difference in temperatures creates the perfect environment for ice storms.When warm, humid air and cold air try to occupy the same real estate, ice storms happen. The frigid Arctic air is significantly heavier than the buoyant warm air coming up from the south. That warm air rides over the cold air like packages going up a conveyor belt. The clouds make rain, but it freezes as it falls or hits the below-freezing ground, Chad Myers, CNN Meteorologist, explained. On the south side of the storm, warmer temperatures at the surface will result in heavy rain emerging over the lower Mississippi and Tennessee valleys, bringing the risk of localized flooding.Heavy rainfall of around two to three inches is expected Thursday morning, moving eastward into the Ohio Valley later in the day. Cities, roads, and streams are at the highest risk of flash flooding, according to the WPC. The system is expected to move off the coast early Saturday, ending a weather-packed week for the US, but leaving a bitter chill in the air across the country. 
20220223_165637_lva_C000088_A000032	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/hubble-telescope-space-triange-starbirth-waves-photo	LVA	A head-on collision between galaxies has created a vast, cosmic triangle in deep space glittering with star formation in a new image captured by the .The new photo, which NASA released Tuesday (Feb. 22), shows a pair of colliding known as called Arp 143 arranged in a what scientists described as a space triangle that is spawning a tsunami of starbirth by sharing gas and dust, according to a Hubble team .The two galaxies in this system collided head-on, fueling the triangular-shaped burst of star formation, Hubble officials . The pair contains the distorted, star-forming spiral galaxy NGC 2445 at right, along with its less flashy companion, NGC 2444 at left.This wave of starbirth produced by the collision, officials added, appears to be rare due to the triangle shape of star formation visible in the image.Part of the reason for that shape is that these galaxies are still so close to each other, and NGC 2444 is still holding on to the other galaxy gravitationally, participating astronomer Julianne Dalcanton, of the Flatiron Institutes Center for Computational Astrophysics in New York and the University of Washington in Seattle, said in the Hubble statement.Related: A Hubble Space Telescope image of colliding images, collectively known as Arp 143. (Image credit: IMAGE: NASA, ESA, STScI, Julianne Dalcanton Center for Computational Astrophysics, Flatiron Inst. / UWashington) IMAGE PROCESSING: Joseph DePasquale (STScI))Dalcanton added, NGC 2444 may also have an invisible, hot halo of gas that could help to pull NGC 2445s gas away from its nucleus. So, theyre not completely free of each other yet and their unusual interaction is distorting the ring into this triangle.Adding complexity to the collision is NGC 2444s propensity to pull away strands of gas from the other galaxy, creating streamers of young, blue stars bridging the two galaxies. The streamer stars were created between 50 million and 100 million years ago, but will be stuck in space as the galaxies continue to pull apart from each other.Another set of young stars, only 1 million to 2 million years old, is also forming in the heart of NGC 2445. Meanwhile, NGC 2444 is only filled with older stars; it lost its gas before the collision occurred, astronomers said.The collision provides a fantastic sandbox to understand star formation and interacting galaxies, Elena Sabbi, a scientist at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, added in the statement.Follow Elizabeth Howell on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or Facebook. to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220223_165637_ken_C000091_A000011	www.businessdailyafrica.com	https://www.businessdailyafrica.com/bd/corporate/companies/safaricom-sets-up-first-data-centre-in-ethiopia-3726384	KEN	Safaricom sets up first data centre in Ethiopia Wednesday February 23 2022 The $100 million China-assembled Safaricom data centre in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. PHOTO | TESFA-ALEM TEKLE | NMG Safaricom #ticker:SCOM has unveiled its first China-assembled data centre in Addis Ababa as it gears up to launch its commercial operations in Ethiopia.Built for $100 million, the facility was deployed less than a year after the consortium led by Safaricom, South Africas Vodacom and Japans Sumitomo was awarded a mobile operating licence by the Ethiopian government.At a press briefing on Tuesday, Safaricom officials said the data centre is a significant milestone for the consortium in its quest to begin operations in the Horn nation in April.Safaricom Ethiopia’s chief technology officer, Mr Pedro Rabacal, noted that the data centre is not the only significant milestone achieved this month. On February 5, the first successful voice call was made using Safaricom’s network with the code ‘07’. Text messaging, internet access, and other network services followed successfully, he revealed.Read: The facility is built on tier three standards and is the size of a shipping container. Tier four is usually the most advanced and is rare.It was assembled in China by Huawei and Nokia.Last year, state-owned Ethio Telecom deployed a modular data centre also provided by Huawei.M-PesaSafaricoms chief external affairs and regulatory officer, Matthew Harrison Harvey, reaffirmed during the news conference that the necessary infrastructure for adopting M-Pesa, Safaricom’s mobile money service, in Ethiopia is also fully operational. The Ethiopian government has affirmed that it intends to allow the consortium to provide digital financial services after establishing an environment that is conducive for competition instead of monopolisation by global corporations like Safaricom Mr Harvey told journalists.Safaricom intends to invest more than $8.5 billion in Ethiopia over the next 10 years.Since the consortium was granted a licence, it has invested more than $300 million, including establishing the data centre, making it the first to make such a huge investment in an Ethiopian project in a short period of time.The consortium intends to invest an additional $300 million next year.InfrastructureSpeaking on resource sharing plans, Mr Harvey confirmed that negotiations are being held with Ethio Telecom to share infrastructure, especially in terms of expanding Safaricom Ethiopia’s capabilities outside Addis Ababa and Ethiopia. Telecommunications resource sharing provides many benefits to all parties involved, according to Mr Rabacal, and is one of the most common practices in the industry.In the next five years, Safaricom intends to establish two more data centres, one in Addis Ababa and another in Adama, and erect more than 7,000 network towers in a bid to reach half of Ethiopias estimated 110 million people.Staying true to the Safaricom slogan ‘we are building’, officials reiterated the company’s commitment to creating job and business opportunities for Ethiopians.JobsRegarding third-party businesses that the company intends to work with – similar to companies such as Apple or Netflix working with providers like T-Mobile or Vodafone – Mr Harvey expressed Safaricom’s intention to focus on Ethiopian businesses in order to drive innovation. Similarly, he noted that Safaricom has hired more than 200 Ethiopians and projected that by the end of the year it will employ at least 1,000.In the next 10 years, Safaricom Ethiopia projects to create 1.5 million job opportunities that would come through multiple supply chains.Conversely, while Safaricom nears the date of its commercial launch, there were no updates from the Ethiopian Communications Authority on the second licence that was suspended during the nationwide state of emergency imposed from November 3 to February 15. 
20220223_165637_gha_C000092_A000003	www.bbc.com	https://www.bbc.com/pidgin/tori-60485988	GHA	23 February 2022Wetin we call dis foto, Armed robbers for Ghana attack bullion vanPolice for Ghana dey on manhunt for armed robbers wey open fire on bullion van for North Industrial Area, Accra. De incident wey happen Tuesday afternoon shock eyewitnesses who dey around as de attack happen. One eyewitness who dey work around de area talk BBC Pidgin say de whole tin happen very fast.According her, she notice four men who approach de bullion van on motorbike.Suddenly dem start dey shoot de car, but de can no open but dem no stop.Dem continue dey fire at de bullion van until one police officer who dey work for nearby bank also fire at dem wey dem run she reveal. In de process of escaping dem fire into de people wey dey around so say nobody go attack dem.*Police escape death sake of armoured bullion van*Police for Ghana say dia officers escape death after armed robbers open fire on dia bullion van inside broad daylight sake of e be armored vehicle. Inside statement wey dem release, IGP George Akuffo Dampare hail de police officer from de bank wey manage stop de robbery from happening.Although de robbers no make away wit any monies, police say dem injure three people after dem shoot randomly into nearby crowd as dem dey escape.Police dey intensity call for use of bullion vanGhana Police say dia officers escape death sake of dem dey inside armoured bullion van wit de money.Inspector General of Police re-echo de need for financial institutions to use armoured bullion vans for bulk cas transport after similar attacks kill officers last year.Bullion van robbery attacks in recent timesIn January last year, armed robbers attack bullion van for Fomena, Ashanti Region where dem steal Ghc500,000.Dem kill Police in de process of de attack, police arrest 5 suspects in relation to dis robbery incident.Another attack on ambulance happen for Koforidua in March dis year where robbers kill Ambulance driver, Abraham Tetteh during de robbery sake of dem mistake de ambulance for bullion van.Also, another incident for Accra Spintex road around March when armed robbers attack bullion van in one of de suburbs for Spintex, dem assault dis driver.On May 2020 some 4 armed robbers attack bullion van for Techiman, dem steal over Ghc 600,000.Many other similar incidents of robberies make rampant for Ghana sake of de weak nature of bullion vans wey banks dey use. 
20220223_165637_gha_C000092_A000034	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-microscopic-view-asteroid-collisions-planet.html	GHA	False-color image of impact recrystallised phosphate mineral in Chelyabinsk meteorite. Credit: Craig Walton A new way of dating collisions between asteroids and planetary bodies throughout our Solar Systems history could help scientists reconstruct how and when planets were born. A team of researchers, led by the University of Cambridge, combined dating and microscopic analysis of the Chelyabinsk meteorite—which fell to Earth and hit the headlines in 2013—to get more accurate constraints on the timing of ancient impact events. Their study, published in Communications Earth & Environment, looked at how minerals within the meteorite were damaged by different impacts over time, meaning they could identify the biggest and oldest events that may have been involved in planetary formation. Meteorite impact ages are often controversial: our work shows that we need to draw on multiple lines of evidence to be more certain about impact histories—almost like investigating an ancient crime scene, said Craig Walton, who led the research and is based at Cambridges Department of Earth Sciences. Early in our Solar Systems history, planets including the Earth formed from massive collisions between asteroids and even bigger bodies, called proto-planets. Evidence of these impacts is so old that it has been lost on the planets—Earth, in particular, has a short memory because surface rocks are continually recycled by plate tectonics, said co-author Dr. Oli Shorttle, who is based jointly at Cambridges Department of Earth Sciences and Institute of Astronomy. Asteroids, and their fragments that fall to Earth as meteorites, are in contrast inert, cold and much older—making them faithful timekeepers of collisions. Example of fractured phosphate mineral in Chelyabinsk meteorite. Credit: Craig Walton The new research, which was a collaboration with researchers from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Open University, recorded how phosphate minerals inside the Chelyabinsk meteorite were shattered to varying degrees in order to piece together a collision history. Their aim was to corroborate uranium-lead dating of the meteorite, which looks at the time elapsed for one isotope to decay to another. The phosphates in most primitive meteorites are fantastic targets for dating the shock events experienced by the meteorites on their parent bodies, said Dr. Sen Hu, who carried out the uranium-lead dating at Beijings Institute of Geology and Geophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Structure of the Chelyabinsk meteorite in hand-sample (a), along with interpreted formation history, through (b) impact melting, (c), solidification, and (d) late-stage fracturing. Credit: Craig Walton Previous dating of this meteorite has revealed two impact ages, one older, roughly 4.5-billion-year-old collision and another which occurred within the last 50 million years. But these ages arent so clear-cut. Much like a painting fading over time, successive collisions can obscure a once clear picture, leading to uncertainty among the scientific community over the age and even the number of impacts recorded. The new study put the collisions recorded by the Chelyabinsk meteorite in time order by linking new uranium-lead ages on the meteorite to microscopic evidence for collision-induced heating seen inside their crystal structures. These microscopic clues build up in the minerals with each successive impact, meaning the collisions can be distinguished, put in time order and dated. Their findings show that minerals containing the imprint of the oldest collision were either shattered into many smaller crystals at high temperatures or strongly deformed at high pressures. The team also described some mineral grains in the meteorite that were fractured by a lesser impact, at lower pressures and temperatures, and which record a much more recent age of less than 50 million years. They suggest this impact probably chipped the Chelyabinsk meteorite off its host and sent it hurtling to Earth. Taken together, this supports a two-stage collision history. The question for us was whether these dates could be trusted, could we tie these impacts to evidence of superheating from an impact? said Walton. What weve shown is that the mineralogical context for dating is really important. Scientists are particularly interested in the date of the 4.5-billion-year-old impact because this is about the time we think the Earth-Moon system came to being, probably as a result of two colliding. The Chelyabinsk meteorite belongs to a group of so-called stony meteorites, all of which contain highly shattered and remelted material roughly coincident with this colossal impact. The newly acquired dates support previous suggestions that many asteroids experienced high energy collisions between 4.48—4.44 billion years ago. The fact that all of these asteroids record intense melting at this time might indicate Solar System re-organization, either resulting from the Earth-Moon formation or perhaps the orbital movements of giant planets. Walton now plans to refine dating over the window of the Moon-forming impact, which could tell us how our own planet came to being. More information: Walton, C.R. et al, Ancient and recent collisions revealed by phosphate minerals in the Chelyabinsk meteorite, Communications Earth & Environment (2022). Citation: Microscopic view on asteroid collisions could help us understand planet formation (2022, February 23) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-microscopic-view-asteroid-collisions-planet.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220223_165637_isr_C000094_A000001	www.timesofisrael.com	https://www.timesofisrael.com/after-over-two-years-ministers-agree-to-end-covid-19-state-of-emergency/	ISR	Ministers on Wednesday approved Israel’s transition to a “special health situation” on March 1, ending the over two-year-long pandemic-induced national state of emergency. The decision comes as Israel has seen its COVID-19 caseload drop in recent weeks. Under the state of emergency, new restrictions can be instituted by the cabinet before the Knesset’s Constitution, Law and Justice Committee approves them. However, in a “special health situation,” according to the so-called passed last month, restrictions will only come into place after the committee votes to approve them, and they must be brought before the panel five days before the government wants them to come into effect. The committee or the Knesset plenum will also be able to amend or outright cancel the restrictions brought before them. If the cabinet wishes to reinstate a state of emergency, the Knesset’s Constitution, Law and Justice Committee or the entire plenum must approve the move within seven days. If neither does so, the validity of the government’s declaration expires. Get The Times of Israels Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories By signing up, you agree to the “In view of the morbidity trends and the easing of restrictions, set by the government, and in light of the government’s justified approach and establishment of a routine of life alongside the pandemic, I appeal to you to declare a special state of health, which will bring an end to the state of emergency that has lasted since 2020,” the chairman of the the Constitution, Law and Justice Committee, MK Gilad Kariv, wrote to Prime Minister Naftali Bennett and Health Minister Nitzan Horowitz. Labor MK Gilad Kariv chairs a meeting of the Knesset’s Constitution, Law and Justice Committee on July 5, 2021. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90) In the letter, Kariv said: “The transition to a ‘special health situation’ will leave the government with the necessary tools to deal with the pandemic in its current form, while restoring the normal relationship between the executive and the legislature, and while conveying an empowering message a return and continuation of normalcy in the State of Israel.” “According to the provisions of the law, the transition to a ‘special health situation’ will enable the formulation of government policy for longer periods than in an emergency state, which will add to the existence of a clear and stable life routine for Israeli citizens,” he added. According to statistics released Wednesday by the Health Ministry, there were 111,332 active COVID cases in the country, with 1,459 of them hospitalized, 673 of those in serious condition and 244 of them on ventilators. The death toll stood at 10,075. Is our work important to you? Do you rely on The Times of Israel for accurate and insightful news on Israel and the Jewish world? If so, please join The Times of Israel Community. For as little as $6/month, you will: Youre a dedicated reader We’re really pleased that you’ve read X Times of Israel articles in the past month. That’s why we started the Times of Israel ten years ago - to provide discerning readers like you with must-read coverage of Israel and the Jewish world. So now we have a request. Unlike other news outlets, we haven’t put up a paywall. But as the journalism we do is costly, we invite readers for whom The Times of Israel has become important to help support our work by joining The Times of Israel Community. For as little as $6 a month you can help support our quality journalism while enjoying The Times of Israel AD-FREE, as well as accessing exclusive content available only to Times of Israel Community members. Thank you, David Horovitz, Founding Editor of The Times of Israel 
20220223_165637_can_C000099_A000020	www.macworld.com	https://www.macworld.com/article/616643/ios-15-4-siri-american-voice-5-lgbtq-how-to-change.html	CAN	Apple released this week and there are a load of new features to sift through: , , new emoji, and on the iPad. But there’s a smaller change that’s just as meaningful: a new Siri voice. Released as part of the fourth iOS 15.4 beta, the new voice is simply labeled America (Voice 5). But when you listen to it, you’ll notice that it’s somewhat androgenous and difficult to pin down as explicitly male or female. As part of its continued push for diversity, that it hired “a member of the LGBTQ+ community” to record the new Siri voice. Here’s how the new voice sounds: It’s not clear whether the new American voice will come to the other language varieties as well. Apple offers five American voices and just two on than any other language “We’re excited to introduce a new Siri voice for English speakers, giving users more options to choose a voice that speaks to them,” Apple said in a statement. “Millions of people around the world rely on Siri every day to help get things done, so we work to make the experience feel as personalized as possible.” Apple last year removed the default female voice in iOS 14.5 and added three new voices, including two options recorded by black actors. At the time, Apple said the voice options were “a continuation of Apple’s long-standing commitment to diversity and inclusion and products and services that are designed to better reflect the diversity of the world we live in.” To change the voice you hear when Siri responds to a query, head over to the Settings app, then Siri & Search > Siri Voice and select the one you want. You can also select the new voice on your Mac (System Preferences > Siri) or Apple Watch (Settings > Siri). 
20220223_165637_ind_C000103_A000017	www.deccanherald.com	https://www.deccanherald.com/national/policyholders-will-be-losers-in-lic-ipo-thomas-isaac-1084431.html	IND	As state-run insurure LIC readies to launch its IPO, a campaign highlighting the possible dangers of the disinvestment is taking shape in Kerala.Economist-turned CPI(M) leader and former Kerala finance minister T M Thomas Isaac, who is among those leading the campaign, shared his concerns over the IPO with DHs Arjun Raghunath.What are the adverse effects of LIC disinvestment?Policyholders losing a safe investment option and LIC losing its social commitments are the major dangers of LIC disinvestment. So far 95 per cent of LICs profit from both participatory and non-participatory policies was being given to policy holders as bonus, which is being brought down to 90 per cent of the participatory policy. Moreover, as private players eye more profit, there will be pressure to bring down the bonus component. This would make LIC policies unattractive.Read | Another danger in the offing is that the social commitment of LIC would end with entry of private players, who look for maximising profit. So far, LIC has been making massive investments in social infrastructure projects and offering social security schemes. These will suffer.Won’t preference to policyholders in IPO help in tide over the fall in bonus?Preference to policyholders in IPO is just a gimmick to suppress the resentment among them over the fall in bonus. A large number of LIC policyholders are from weak backgrounds and won’t be familiar with buying shares. LIC policies are not just a life coverage, but a safe investment option, as it offers low premium policies and assured returns. Investments in shares always involved risk factor.Until 51 per cent shares are with the Centre, do we need to worry about any policy shift?What is the guarantee that the centre will retain 51 per cent shares? There is immense international pressure on the centre to open up Indian financial sector for international investors. For the Centre, it is an easy option to raise money by monetising the value addition made using policy holders funds.DH Deciphers | Isnt IPO a new investment option to people at a time when return from bank investments are coming down?The policyholders were so far getting the dividend without any risks. With regard to shares, there is always a risk. We have even seen major international insurance firms like AIG collapsing. The policyholders will be the ultimate losers.Do you have any plans to resist the IPO?The resentment among the policyholders will definitely come out as the Centre announces further sale of shares. The policyholders will wake up and the Centre will have to bend their knees as witnessed in the farmers stir. A campaign is being launched in Kerala against LIC disinvestment beginning with a webinar on February 27 and a convention on March 13 in which there will be representation from all political parties, except BJP and its allies. A series of meetings across Kerala will be initiated thereafter.Watch latest videos by DH here: 
20220223_165637_ind_C000103_A000025	www.indiatoday.in	https://www.indiatoday.in/movies/celebrities/story/farhan-akhtar-poses-with-daughters-shakya-akira-at-his-wedding-with-shibani-dandekar-seen-yet-1916962-2022-02-23	IND	Farhan Akhtar poses with daughters Shakya and Akira at his wedding.Farhan Akhtar and Shibani Dandekar are finally married! The duo exchanged wedding vows in the presence of their close friends and family on February 19 in Mumbai’s Khandala. While photos from their simple vow ceremony did go viral on the web, newlywed Farhan and Shibani chose today to post beautiful photos from their D-Day. Among the many photos shared by the couple, we came across two photos which had Farhan’s daughters, Shakya and Akira having a gala time at the wedding! FARHAN POSES WITH HIS DAUGHTERS AT HIS WEDDING WITH SHIBANIFarhan Akhtar took to Instagram and with now-wife Shibani Dandekar. A series of photos captioned as “Friends. Family. Fun times (sic)” by Farhan, had him happily posing with his two daughters, Shakya and Akira. For the unaware, Farhan was first married to hairstylist Adhuna Bhabani and has two daughters. Like others, Farhan’s pretty little girls were dressed in pastels. Another photo had the two whirling in happiness with others at the wedding.Here are the photos: WHAT FARHAN WROTE WHILE SHARING WEDDING PICS WITH SHIBANIFarhan Akhtar wrote the most heartfelt note while sharing photos from his wedding with Shibani Dandekar. Sharing the many clicks, the actor wrote, “A few days ago, @shibanidandekar & I celebrated our union and we are deeply grateful to all those who did respect our need for privacy on the day. The celebration however, is incomplete without sharing some precious moments with you and seeking your blessings as we begin our journey across the skies of time, together. With love from us to you (sic).” Farhan and Shibani are expected to later this month.ALSO READ | ALSO READ | 
20220223_165637_ind_C000103_A000035	news.abplive.com	https://news.abplive.com/news/covid-19-infection-can-be-detected-in-breath-tests-study-1515063	IND	New Delhi: According to a new study conducted by researchers from the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, traces of novel coronavirus can be detected in microscopically small fluid droplets exhaled during a very short time span. The particles we can detect are very small-less than five micrometers in diameter-and we have here managed to capture particles with RNA virus in just a few breaths, said lead author Emilia Viklund, a doctoral student at the varsity as quoted by news agency IANS. With the help of a research instrument developed by the publishing research team, the measurement was carried out with a smaller handheld instrument called the Breath Explor (BE). In the study, published in the journal Influenza and Other Respiratory Viruses, three distinct methods were utilized to gather the samples: 20 typical breaths; a strategy where study subjects momentarily pause their breathing after a very deep exhalation; and a technique wherein the study subject coughed multiple times into the instrument. ALSO READ: The exploration shows obviously that coughing created the best breath tests gathered with PExA (8 of 25), trailed by profound breathing (3 of 25) and normal breathing (2 of 25). The quantity of aerosol particles we needed for the test was about one 10-millionth of the amount from nasal swab samples needed to detect viral RNA in regular respiration with PCR analysis, said Professor Anna-Carin Olin, the inventor of PExA, as reported by IANS. Fluid droplets that one exhales after deep breathing form largely in the small airways, where it is known that the virus can cause great damage. As a result, it would be exciting to further study the findings in the exhaled air in relation to disease progression, she added. The discoveries likewise raise the possibility of replacing unpleasant nasal swab tests with convenient and simple breath tests. However, as per Olin that would extrapolate the findings excessively far. Methods for studying aerosol particles can be a good way of complementing established methods of measuring and monitoring Covid-19. In general, we can say that analysis of exhaled air has great potential for studying the spread of infection and where the virus is in the respiratory tract, Viklund said. (With agency inputs)Check out below Health Tools- 
20220223_165637_ind_C000108_A000010	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/elections/up-elections-amit-shah-mayawati-bsp-bjp-muslim-candidates-7787780/	IND	An analysis of the candidates fielded by the BSP, in fact, shows that the party may damage the SP on more seats than it will do the BJP. One reason is the number of Muslim candidates fielded by the BSP in an election where the SP is hoping to pull ahead of the BJP by rallying all its Muslim and Yadav support, plus extra votes from other communities. For the 403 seats, the BSP has fielded 88 Muslim candidates, to the SP alliance’s 61. In 2017, when the BSP had fielded 100 Muslim candidates, only four could win.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium VIDEO In at least 28 seats, both the BSP and SP alliance have fielded Muslim candidates. A majority of these seats are in western UP, where the SP expected the least hiccups having sealed an alliance with the RLD to bring the Muslim and Jat votes together. Apart from this, in 44 seats, the BSP has fielded Muslim candidates against non-Muslim candidates of the SP. Party leaders across the SP and BSP admitted that while Muslims are more or less voting for the SP alliance, there will be a division in those seats where the BSP has a strong Muslim candidate. “Most voters have supported the alliance to avoid wastage of votes but the BSP too will get a small share depending on the candidate,” said a BSP leader. In six seats particularly, Shekhupur, Aliganj, Chhibramau, Bakshi Ka Talab, Kunda and Gainsari, BSP Muslim candidates will damage the SP’s Yadav candidate. Lucknow: BSP supremo Mayawati shows her inked finger as she leaves after casting her vote, during the fourth phase of UP Assembly elections, in Lucknow, Wednesday, Feb. 23, 2022. (PTI Photo/Nand Kumar) Incidentally, the BSP too has fielded Yadav candidates in a few seats. Like Malhani, which goes to polls in the last phase on March 7. With the SP and BSP both fielding Yadavs, the BJP fancies the chances of its Thakur candidate in the Yadav-dominated seat. While the Brahmins are seen to be unhappy with the Yogi Adityanath government, the Opposition parties have surprisingly fielded fewer Brahmin candidates than the BJP. Compared to the 62 Brahmin candidates put up by the BJP and allies, the BSP has put up 54, the SP alliance 34 and the Congress 48. Last time the BSP had fielded 62 Brahmins and four had won. In the run-up to the polls, both the BSP and SP had held a series of meetings wooing the Brahmin community. BSP national general secretary S C Mishra had addressed such sammelans across the state, while for the SP, Manoj Pandey had organised the events. Though the BSP has been out of power in the state for over a decade, it has held on to its vote share in successive elections. In 2007, its successful social engineering, adding the upper castes and Muslims to its traditional vote bank, had resulted in an unexpected two-thirds majority. Among those who could face a tough fight courtesy the BSP’s choices is Swami Prasad Maurya, the former BJP minister who is contesting from Fazilnagar Padaruna as an SP candidate. Facing him are the BSP’s Ilias Ansari and the BJP’s Surendra Kushwaha. An SP worker, Ansari left the party after the SP gave the ticket to Swami Prasad. The BSP dropped its Brahmin candidate from here to field Ansari. In Zahoorabad, where SP ally Suheldev Bharatiya Samaj Party’s leader Om Prakash Rajbhar is contesting, the BSP has fielded former SP leader Shadab Fatima. In Bahraich, which votes in the coming phases, the BSP’s Naeem is up against the SP’s Yasar Shah. The BJP candidate there is former minister and sitting MLA Anupama Jaiswal. Samajwadi Party President Akhilesh Yadav waves at the people, during an election campaign rally for UP Assembly elections, in Barabanki. (PTI Photo) Similarly, the BSP choices are seen to be hurting the Opposition to the advantage of BJP candidates, including Adityanath, in Gorakhpur, Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Maurya in Sirathu, and the BJP’s Aditi Singh in Raebareli. In Gorakhpur Urban, the BSP has fielded Khwaja Shamshuddin; while in Raebareli, the BSP has gone with Mohd Asharaf. In Raebareli though, the BSP’s Muslim candidate might hurt the BJP’s Aditi Singh, as she will end up losing the Muslim support she and earlier her father got when they were in the Congress. Observers have also noted Mayawati’s lack of “aggression” against the BJP government in the polls. The BSP chief launched her campaign way after the others, and in most of her speeches, she attacks the SP on law and order than the ruling BJP. She also fielded candidates generally after the SP and BJP had declared theirs. In seats like Fazilnagar, voters expressed their confusion over the BSP’s plans. Says Nasirruddin Ahmad, 45, back home from Mumbai for voting: “Ilias bhai has done wrong by dividing the community’s vote. Hum to cycle ko daliye, lekin Bhajapa nikal jaibe yahan (We will vote for the cycle, but the BJP will scrape through).” 
20220223_165637_can_C000115_A000027	www.sportsnet.ca	https://www.sportsnet.ca/soccer/article/canada-barely-misses-arnold-clark-cup-title-loss-spain/	CAN	WOLVERHAMPTON, United Kingdom — While Canada leaves the Arnold Clark Cup on the back of a 1-0 loss to an impressive Spain side, coach Bev Priestman saw plenty of positives for the Olympic champions. Despite having half of her roster in pre-season mode back home with their NWSL teams and missing talismanic captain Christine Sinclair and experienced forward Adriana Leon, the sixth-ranked Canadian women tied No. 8 England 1-1 and beat No. 3 Germany 1-0 before running into a stylish Spanish side that played well above its No. 9 ranking. I think weve taken a step forward, Priestman said after Wednesdays match at a near-empty Molineux Stadium. I feel like we found ways to get (star fullback) Ashley Lawrence higher (up the pitch). Weve got more combinations and more trusted players. I think weve widened the depth — Ive tested more players. I said coming into this wed come away with more European experience. Weve done that â<U+0080>¦ Im so glad we attended this tournament. I think weve got some massive learnings. And there are some players that really had to step up. A victory Wednesday and Canada (1-1-1) would have won the tournament. Spain (1-0-2) appeared headed to hoist the trophy until goals by Millie Bright and Fran Kirby in the 84th and 94th minute, respectively, gave England (1-0-2) a 3-1 victory over Germany (0-2-1) in the late game at Molineux. That left England and Spain tied on points. But the English women got the nod by virtue of a plus-two goal difference, compared to plus-one for Spain. Canada finished third and Germany fourth. Attendance was announced at 13,463 during the England-Germany game. Spain came as advertised, classy and confident, aggressive on defence and comfortable on the ball in attack. Star midfielder Alexia Putellas, winner of the Ballon dOr, Best FIFA Womens Player and UEFA Player of the Year, pulled the strings for Spain as it extended its unbeaten streak to 19 games (17-0-2) since a 1-0 loss to the U.S. at the SheBelieves Cup in March 2020. While Spain had more of the ball early on, Canada seemed up to the task and created several chances of its own to start. But Spain went ahead in the 21st minute after Patri Guijarro stole the ball off Lawrence in midfield. Five passes later it was in the back of the net with a low shot from an unmarked Putellas, who made a stealthy run into the middle of the penalty box and beat Canadian goalkeeper Kailen Sheridan. The 28-year-old Barcelona star almost scored a second in the 63rd minute, but her header off a corner hit the woodwork. The game grew scrappier in the second half as substitutions were made. Canada came on late but was unable to break through, with two Canadian attackers unable to get to a dangerous Lawrence cross that flashed through the Spanish penalty box in the dying seconds. As in the two previous matches, Priestman liked parts of the performance. For us its been three games of half-a-game, to be honest with you, across this tournament, she said. I can only walk away from this game very happy with the second half and a poor first half. But thats credit to Spain. Spain finished with 60 per cent possession and outshot Canada 14-7 although the Canadians had a 3-1 edge in shots on target. The defeat was only the fourth for Canada under Priestman, whose record is 10-4-6 including two shootout wins at the Tokyo Olympics. The other losses were to the U.S., Brazil and Mexico. The Spanish women arrived in England on a 16-game winning streak during which they outscored their opposition 96-0. And despite playing to two ties, Spain looked dangerous against Germany and England, posing problems with its smothering press. The Spanish starting 11 featured six players from Champions League winner Barcelona, including Putellas. The attacking midfielder scored 26 goals and added 19 assists as Barcelona won the Spanish League, Cup and Champions League last season. Barca teammate Jenni Hermoso, who tied for the Spanish league scoring lead with 31 goals, served as captain. It was a very competitive game. We battled hard, Spain coach Jorge Vilda said through an interpreter. We played well for certain periods of the game albeit without making the best start and thats something that wed like to improve on. We did then take control of the game, created chances. Alexia Putellas scored the goal and I feel we dominated from that point onwards. Priestman made four changes to the team that beat Germany, giving Marie-Yasmine Alidou her senior debut while also inserting Shelina Zadorsky, Deanne Rose and Jordyn Huitema. Alidou, a 26-year-old midfielder from Saint-Hubert, Que., plays in Austria for SK Sturm Graz. Eight of Canadas 11 starters Wednesday were European-based and in-season. Centre back Kadeisha Buchanan, earning her 116th cap, captained Canada in the absence of Sinclair, who stayed at home following the recent death of her mother. Jessie Fleming served as skipper against England while fellow midfielder Desiree Scott wore the captains armband against Germany. Sheridan started in goal for the third straight game at the tournament, giving way to Sabrina DAngelo at halftime. Buchanan, Fleming, Lawrence, Scott, Janine Beckie and Jayde Riviere also started all three contests. Canada came close in the 28th minute when Huitema headed a Beckie free kick off the crossbar. The ball bounced back into play, just missing an onrushing Buchanan. Spain goalkeeper Lola Gallardo appeared to get a finger to the ball, sending it off the woodwork. Putellas showed her pedigree on numerous occasions, including late in the half when she nutmegged Scott, who was making her 173rd senior appearance, before heading to the Canadian goal. Riviere had to be helped off in the 53rd minute in obvious pain after having her wrist stepped on by a Spanish player after falling. There was no immediate update on her condition. Canada was unable to threaten until later in the second half, with the final passing often missing its mark although forward Cloe Lacasse made her presence felt after coming on in the 77th minute. The Canadian women had only played Spain twice before, drawing 0-0 in May 2019 in Logrones and losing 1-0 in March 2017 in Sao Joao da Venda. The Canadian women are gearing up for the CONCACAF W Championship in July in Mexico, which will determine World Cup and Olympic qualification. Next up for Canada is a planned friendly in April. The England tournaments title sponsor, Arnold Clark, is a family-run car dealer. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000118_A000025	www.cosmopolitan.com	https://www.cosmopolitan.com/uk/reports/a39181465/harry-meghan-eugenie-dinner/	BWA	Since as working royals a couple of years ago, and wife havent been publicly seen with any other members of the royal family (bar Harrys attendance at ). So, royal fans have been getting rather excited over the new photos that have been published showing the Sussexs enjoying dinner out in LA with Harrys cousin, , and her , last weekend.Harry and Eugenie have long shared a special bond, which doesnt seem to have wavered in the slightest since the Sussexs left life in Britain behind and moved over to Montecito with their two children, Archie and Lilibet.It appears that Princess Eugenie, who became a mother to little August last year, has been over in LA on a bit of an extended holiday – perhaps wanting to avoid the headlines surrounding her father and recent pay out to sex trafficking victim, Virginia Giuffre. Eugenie and Harry were also seen watching an American football game together at the Super Bowl on 13 February, meaning shes been in the USA for at least a week. This content is imported from Twitter. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site. In the photos of the foursome having dinner, published by , the group are dining out in Santa Barbara and Meghan can be seen throwing her head back in laughter. Princess Eugenie and Prince Harry both look relaxed too, which is lovely to see.The cousins special bond runs far deeper than just hanging out over food and at ball games too, as in the Sussexs former British home, . Meghan and Harry recently renewed their lease on the place, which was due to expire on 31 March, according to , not only so that the Brooksbanks can continue happily living there, but in order for Harry to remain . Confused as to what that actually means? By law, should the Queen be temporarily unable to carry out her duties (either due to illness or being out of the country) then her Counsellors of State can step in – but they must have a permanent UK home in order to do so.Heres hoping for more pics of the royal cousins out on a double date, please! Features Editor Jennifer Savin is Cosmopolitan UKs multiple award-winning Features Editor, who was crowned Digital Journalist of the Year for her work tackling the issues most important to young women. This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000118_A000034	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-10544345/NASAs-Hubble-Space-Telescope-captures-SPACE-TRIANGLE-star-formation.html	BWA	s Hubble Space Telescope has captured a stunning image of a space triangle where two galaxies are colliding, leading to a tsunami of star birth.The duo are collectively known as Arp 143, made up of the glittery, distorted star-forming galaxy NGC 2445, and the less flashy NGC 24444.NGC 2445 has been distorted, to appear triangular, with a flurry of bright lights as stars are formed at a rapid rate from material shaken up by the collision.US-based astronomers, from the Flatiron Institutes Center for Computational Astrophysics in New York and the University of Washington in Seattle, have been analyzing the images captured by the 32-year-old observatory in low Earth orbit.They explained that the galaxies passed through each other, igniting the uniquely shaped star-formation firestorm, where thousands of stars are bursting to life.The galaxy is awash in starbirth because it is rich in gas, the fuel that makes stars, but has yet to escape the gravitational pull of partner NGC 2444, causing them to wage a cosmic tug-of-war, which NGC 2444 appears to be winning. NASAs Hubble Space Telescope has captured a stunning image of a space triangle where two galaxies are colliding, leading to a tsunami of star birthThe dancing galaxies were found in a catalog compiled by astronomer Halton Arp in 1966, made up of 338 oddball interacting galaxies. He thought these peculiar galaxies were excellent laboratories to study the physical processes that distort normal-looking elliptical and spiral galaxies. He was one of the first to suggest galactic encounters could form stars in bursts. One such Arp galaxy that is exploding with new stars is Arp 143, captured in these new images from the Hubble Space Telescope. Simulations show that head-on collisions between two galaxies is one way of making rings of new stars, said lead astronomer Julianne Dalcanton. Therefore, rings of star formation are not uncommon. However, whats weird about this system is that its a triangle of star formation. Part of the reason for that shape is that these galaxies are still so close to each other and NGC 2444 is still holding on to the other galaxy gravitationally. NGC 2444 may also have an invisible, hot halo of gas that could help to pull NGC 2445s gas away from its nucleus. So, theyre not completely free of each other yet and their unusual interaction is distorting the ring into this triangle. NGC 2445 has been distorted, to appear triangular, with a flurry of bright lights as stars are formed at a rapid rate from material shaken up by the collision. Wide field view of the area Arp 143 was foundThe dimmer of the two galaxies is also responsible for pulling taffy-like strands of gas from its partner, stoking the streamers of young, blue stars that appear to form a bridge between the two galaxies.These streamers are among the first in what appears to be a wave of star formation that started on NGC 2445s outskirts and continued inward as the two collided. The team behind the study estimate that the streamers were born between 50 and 100 million years ago, and are being left behind, in the triangle area, as NGC 2445 continues to pull slowly away from NGC 2444.Stars no older than one million to two million years are forming closer to the center of NGC 2445, according to the team. Hubble is so sharp that it is able to resolve some individual stars within the image, although most of the brilliant blue clumps are groupings of stars. The pink blobs are giant, young star clusters still enshrouded in dust and gas.Although most of the action is happening in NGC 2445, it doesnt mean the other half of the interacting pair has escaped unscathed. The gravitational tussle has stretched NGC 2444 into an odd shape. The galaxy contains old stars and no new starbirth because it lost its gas long ago, well before this galactic encounter.This is a nearby example of the kinds of interactions that happened long ago. Its a fantastic sandbox to understand star formation and interacting galaxies, said Elena Sabbi of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, Maryland.NASAs Hubble Space Telescope is still working and has made more than 1.5 million observations since its mission began in 1990 The Hubble telescope was launched on April 24, 1990, via the space shuttle Discovery from Kennedy Space Centre in Florida.It is named after famed astronomer Edwin Hubble who was born in Missouri in 1889.He is arguably most famous for discovering that the universe is expanding and the rate at which is does so - now coined the Hubble constant. The Hubble telescope is named after famed astronomer Edwin Hubble who was born in Missouri in 1889 (pictured)Hubble has made more than 1.5 million observations since its mission began in 1990 and helped publish some 18,000 scientific papers.It circles the Earth at a speed of about 17,000mph (27,300kph) in low Earth orbit at about 340 miles in altitude.Hubble has the pointing accuracy of .007 arc seconds, which is like being able to shine a laser beam focused on Franklin D. Roosevelts head on a dime roughly 200 miles (320km) away. The Hubble telescope is named after Edwin Hubble who was responsible for coming up with the Hubble constant and is one of the greatest astronomers of all-timeHubbles primary mirror is 2.4 meters (7 feet, 10.5 inches) across and in total is 13.3 meters (43.5 feet) long - the length of a large school bus.Hubbles launch and deployment in April 1990 marked the most significant advance in astronomy since Galileos telescope. Thanks to five servicing missions and more than 25 years of operation, our view of the universe and our place within it has never been the same. 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000159_A000004	www.teamtalk.com	https://www.teamtalk.com/liverpool/insane-klopp-picks-out-star-performer-sadio-mane-not-excited-with-liverpool-romp	SGP	Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp felt his side had to work hard to beat Leeds and reserved special praise for the performance of Sadio Mane. The Reds went into the match as strong favourites and ended up on the right side of a 6-0 scoreline. bagged two first-half penalties while in the first 45 minutes. Leeds upped their game after the break and it took the hosts until the 80th minute to add a fourth when notched his first. The striker then doubled his tally on 90 minutes before Virgil van Dijk headed home in injury time. The gulf between the sides was huge. Klopp was happy with how the game played out but paid full respect to the opposition. “In the end it went pretty smoothly. It was really hard work because they make it hard work,” he told BT Sport. “It is tricky playing against a man marking side, you feel pressure where no pressure is. “We had to be fully concentrated and we were and in the end it is a wonderful night.” And the German hailed the cool nature of Salah’s brace of spot kicks. “There might be some people out there who think penalties you should not count them but you want the right person on the spot to put them away and that is what Mo did,” he added. Real Madrid interested in Sadio Mane on cut price deal Liverpool may be forced to sell Sadio Mane this summer with Real Madrid interested in signing Senegal international Klopp staying grounded despite Mane insanity Salah was outstanding throughout the match but his strike partner caught the manager’s eye. “Sadio Mane’s game was probably one of his best in the way he interpreted his role,” he continued. “Absolutely insane. “In the end top game, top for the people. In a really good shape and a wonderful night at Anfield. Leeds had good spells but I think it is really difficult to play the way they did for 90 minutes against a team like us.” But, ever the pragmatist, Klopp made it clear that neither he nor his players will be getting too ahead of themselves. “I am not excited, it is normal after a night like this people get carried away and that is fine but Sunday is looming and we have to be ready for this,” he said. “We have 10 days no league game and City probably playing in that time. It is how it is and we have to win our football games and if we do that we will be around and if we don’t do that we won’t.” READ MORE: 
20220223_165637_aus_C000162_A000015	www.afr.com	https://www.afr.com/markets/equity-markets/asx-to-drop-again-tpg-and-blackmores-to-report-20220224-p59z5x	AUS	The S&P 500 shed 0.4 per cent, pushing further into correction territory, amid the rising tensions and a cyberattack on several Ukraine government and bank websites. Treasuries extended losses and the dollar was little changed.“Let’s remember the S&P 500 averages about one 10 per cent correction a year. Given it has been nearly two years without one, you could make the argument stocks were definitely due,” said LPL Financial Chief Market Strategist Ryan Detrick.Detrick writes that after previous corrections and bear markets, the S&P 500 rose nearly 90 per cent of the time a year or two later, with very strong returns.Bets on the number of rate increases by the Federal Reserve in 2022 have settled at about six 25-basis-point hikes, down from seven on Feb. 11. For the European Central Bank, swaps suggest the first quarter-point move will take place by October, compared with September earlier in the month.“The number one issue really is inflation and the Fed, that’s what everybody’s worried about,” said Matt Maley, chief market strategist at Miller Tabak + Co. “The situation in Ukraine is making it worse because it makes inflation worse -- if oil prices and natural gas prices are going to remain elevated -- that only makes the inflation concerns grow.”Twitter is tapping , pay down existing debt and pursue potential acquisitions.Marko Kolanovic has made a bullish stocks call for 2022. The co-head of global research at JPMorgan Chase & Co. has been asserting for some time that investors should buy dips in stocks -- but now he sees the acute pandemic phase of Covid nearing an end and better times ahead from China, which he expects to offset Federal Reserve tightening. And he sees scope for significant rotation within equities as these changes take place.“Our base case is the end of the pandemic completely,” Kolanovic said in an interview. “During the spring and summer we will have a very strong recovery because omicron is in fast decline and now the immunity rates are really, really high.”He added that when looking at pandemics in the last century, they lasted about two years and maybe three to four waves, “and then for the next 10 to 20 years nothing. We think we’re basically at that point, two-plus years of pandemic, we’ve had the four major waves. And so we think now maybe we’ll be fine for the next 10 or 20 years.”Meanwhile investors are looking to tech stocks as they search for growth. “Investors have both the means and the opportunity to buy tech today,” said Ben Laidler, global market strategist at brokerage eToro. The strongest tech names are now cheaper and offer stronger than expected profit growth, he said.#In the top 100 actively managed institutional portfolios, five bellwether companies -- Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet and Meta -- are all under-owned relative to their weight in the S&P 500, Morgan Stanley analysts including Katy Huberty found in a review of regulatory filings. Funds on average hold 0.8 percentage point less of the stocks than their weighting in the benchmark, the firm said.A gauge of US home loan applications fell last week to its lowest level since the end of 2019, indicating higher mortgage rates are becoming a greater headwind for the housing market.The Mortgage Bankers Association’s index slumped 13.1 per cent in the week ended Feb. 18 to 466.4, the Washington-based group said Wednesday.Today’s agendaLocal: Private capital expenditure Q4; NZ trade balance JanuaryOverseas data: US Chicago Fed national accounts index January; GDP Q4; Core PCE Q4; New home sales January; Kansas City Fed index FebruaryMarket highlightsASX futures down 75 points or 1.1 per cent to 7043 near 6am AEDTAUD +0.2% to 72.39 US centsBitcoin on bitstamp.net % to $US38,072.58 near am AEDTOn Wall St: Dow -0.2% S&P 500 -0.1% Nasdaq -0.8%In New York: BHP +1% Rio -0.3% Atlassian -2.8%Tesla -3.9% Alphabet -0.2% Meta -0.1% Apple -0.5%Stoxx 50 -0.3% FTSE flat DAX -0.4% CAC -0.1%Spot gold +0.5% to $US1,908.06 /oz at pm New York timeBrent crude little changed to $US96.82 a barrelUS oil +0.1% to $US92.05 a barrelIron ore +0.7% to $US141.50 a tonne2-year yield: US 1.59% Australia 1.23%5-year yield: US 1.89% Australia 1.98%10-year yield: US 1.98% Australia 2.26% Germany 0.22%US prices as of 1.11pm in New YorkFrom today’s Financial Review Read today’s paper, exactly as it was printed, United StatesStocks swung between losses and gains on Wall Street. After opening higher, five of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors fell in volatile trading, while a 3.3 per cent drop in Tesla dragged the Nasdaq lower. Fifteen of the 30 Dow components were trading in the red.Wall Street’s main indexes gave up early gains and the Nasdaq reversed its 1 per cent jump, while energy stocks jumped 0.8 per cent as oil prices recovered.“Today’s action is (driven) by Ukraine and reports of cyber attacks,” said Kim Forrest, chief investment officer at Bokeh Capital Partners in Pittsburgh. “It is largely indiscriminate selling, there are more pessimist retail clients.”Meanwhile, a source told Reuters that the Biden administration will sanction company building Russia’s Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.US hedge funds have been slashing positions in technology stocks, and started 2022 more tilted toward cheaper shares than at any time in over a decade, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.“Filings show hedge funds positioning for a different equity market environment than the one that has characterized most of the last several years,” strategists led by Ben Snider wrote in a note to clients. Funds with $US2.6 trillion of gross equity holdings have reduced positions in more expensive growth sectors in favor of energy and financials, according to the note.The analysis looked at 13F filings for 788 hedge funds, released as of Feb. 15. It shows that while the so-called “FAAMG” group of S&P 500 tech giants including Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp. still rank as the most popular long positions, hedge funds continued to rotate their portfolios from growth into so-called value shares.EuropeThe FTSE 100 gained 0.1 per cent with Barclays up 3.1 per cent, being the top boost after the British lender reported that its annual profit nearly trebled as bad loan charges plunged and its investment bank continued its strong recent performance.“Barclays is showing signs of a story that keeps getting repeated through the financial sector. The impact of the pandemic on the sector isn’t as severe as first feared,” said Susannah Streeter, senior investment analyst, Hargreaves Lansdown.On the FTSE 100, consumer staples led gains with dollar earning companies Diageo, Unilever, British American Tobacco, Reckitt Benckiser all up between 0.2 per cent and 1.3 per cent, after Sterling edged down following Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey’s statement.Bailey said there were clear risks that inflation could again overshoot the central bank’s forecasts but markets should not get carried away about the likely scale of interest rate rises.The domestically focused mid-cap index fell 0.7 per cent recording its sixth straight session in losses, as travel and leisure stocks declined 1.4 per cent.Rio Tinto fell 2.2 per cent as the global miner warned of US sanctions on Russia potentially disrupting aluminium supply.AsiaAsian equities slid for a third day. The MSCI Asia Pacific Index tumbled as much as 2.1 per cent to a three-week low.The key Asian stock gauge is poised to erase its earlier gain in February, hurt also by a renewed selloff in Chinese tech giants including Alibaba, plunged 3.1 per cent in Hong Kong as China asked firms to check their financial exposure to Ant Group Co., in which the e-commerce leader owns a one-third stake.Hong Kong’s benchmark Hang Seng Index slumped more than 2 per cent and Japan’s Nikkei 225 Stock Average lost 1.7 per cent. All sectors on the MSCI Asia Pacific gauge measure dropped, with energy among the least scathed as oil prices rose.Alibaba faces a wild ride over the next few days, with options pricing pointing to huge swings in the stock as investors brace for a drop in earnings and further regulatory scrutiny.The Chinese e-commerce giant’s American depository receipts are poised to move nearly 7 per cent after it reports an estimated 60 per cent drop in quarterly profit drop on Thursday, Bloomberg data shows. That would be the second-sharpest earnings reaction for Alibaba since 2015, following an 11 per cent slump on its revenue miss in November.CurrenciesThe Bank of England should sell roughly Ł650 billion ($1.26 trillion) of government bonds to reduce its balance sheet by two thirds as it normalises policy after 13 years of quantitative easing, the International Monetary Fund said.In its regular update of the UK economy, the Washington-based institution warned that changes to the size of the BOE balance sheet could cause “volatility in government bond and other asset markets” and urged it to “clarify communications.”The Russian rouble weakened on Wednesday, sliding past 80 to the dollar and 90 to the euro as investors took stock.Russia’s high interest rates, high reserves and strong balance of payments should make the rouble one of the world’s strongest currencies, said Dirk Willer, global head of macro and asset allocation at Citi, but people are scared of sanctions.“Buying the dip may be the right response to geopolitics but it’s not necessarily true for the part of the world where the fire is actually burning,” he said.CommoditiesGold fell below $US1,900 an ounce but is still trading near the highest since June. It has attracted renewed interest from investors in exchange-traded funds and hedge funds trading the Comex, who both spent much of 2021 on the sidelines.“Gold pricing suggests that financial markets and/or the real economy will roll over once hiking gets underway or that the Fed will prove unwilling/unable to rein in elevated inflation,” analysts at Macquarie Group including Marcus Garvey wrote in a note. “We struggle to believe geopolitics alone explains the extent of its outperformance.”Spot gold declined 0.2 per cent to $US1,895.33 an ounce at 12:44 p.m. in London, after touching the highest since June on Tuesday. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot index fell 0.2 per cent. Silver, palladium and platinum all gained.Oil prices are likely to average $US110 in the second quarter as tensions over Ukraine continue to escalate, JPMorgan Chase & Co. said.The crude market is likely to see sustained higher prices in the next quarter, before retreating to average $US90 at the end of the year, the bank’s analysts including Natasha Kaneva wrote in a note.Brent crude traded near $US97 a barrel after a jump on Tuesday to just 50 cents shy of $US100.Russia’s flagship crude was once again offered at deeper discount. Vitol Group offered 100,000 tons of the nation’s Urals oil for delivery to Rotterdam at $US7.25 a barrel less than Dated Brent, Europe’s benchmark for physical cargo transactions. There were no bids in a window organised by S&P Global Platts.Australian sharemarketAustralian shares gained ground on Wednesday as a handful of upbeat earnings announcements and economic data tempered the selling pressure triggered by Russia’s incursion into Ukraine.The S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.6 per cent higher, adding 44.4 points to close with 7205.7 points, while the broader S&P All Ordinaries added 51.7 points to 7473.9 points for a gain of 0.7 per cent.Street Talk 
20220223_165637_aus_C000162_A000034	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-insect-wingbeats-quantify-biodiversity.html	AUS	Graphical abstract. Credit: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1574954121002478?via=ihub Insect populations are plummeting worldwide, with major consequences for our ecosystems and without us quite knowing why. A new AI method from the University of Copenhagen is set to help monitor and catalog insect biodiversity, which until now has been quite challenging. Insects are vital as plant pollinators, as a food source for a wide variety of animals and as decomposers of dead material in nature. But in recent decades, they have been struggling. It is estimated that 40 percent of insect species are in decline and a third of them are endangered. Therefore, it is more important than ever to monitor insect biodiversity, so as to understand their decline and hopefully help them out. So far, this task has been difficult and resource-intensive. In part, this is due to the fact that insects are small and very dynamic. Furthermore, scientific researchers and public agencies need to set up traps, capture insects and study them under the microscope. To overcome these hurdles, University of Copenhagen researchers have developed a method that uses the data obtained from an to recognize and detect the wingbeats of individual insects. The AI method is based on unsupervised machine learning—where the algorithms can group insects belonging to the same species without any human input. The results from this method could provide information about the diversity of in a natural space without anyone needing to catch and count the critters by hand. Our method makes it much easier to keep track of how insect populations are evolving. There has been a huge loss of insect biomass in recent years. But until we know exactly why insects are in decline, it is difficult to develop the right solutions. This is where our method can contribute new and important knowledge, states Ph.D. student Klas Rydhmer of the Department of Geosciences and Natural Resource Management at UCPHs Faculty of Science, who helped develop the method. Advanced artificial intelligence The researchers have already developed an algorithm that identifies pests in agricultural fields. But instead of identifying insects as pests, the researchers have been able to develop this to identify and count various insect populations in nature based on the measurements obtained from the sensor. The sensor is a bit like the wildlife surveillance cameras used to monitor the movements of larger animals in nature. But instead of snapping a photo, the sensor measures insects that have has flown into the light source. The algorithm then uses the insects wingbeat to identify them into different groups, explains Assistant Professor Raghavendra Selvan of the Department of Computer Science, who led the development of the artificial intelligence used in the sensor. The algorithm distinguishes insects by their silhouettes when their wings are folded out, as it is only then that their physical differences become most apparent. It then compares the silhouettes of different insect recordings, and puts similar silhouettes into the same group which can then be used to determine the insect that most likely flew through the light beam. Prototype to be released in spring When insects emerge in full force come spring, scientists will be using the initial prototype to venture out into nature and collect real-world data. Until now, researchers have tested the algorithm and artificial intelligence using a large image database of insects recordings obtained in controlled conditions and some real-world data, where results have been promising. We will test the sensor in different landscapes, including heathland, forests and agricultural areas, to see how it works out in the real world. But also, to feed the algorithm more data, so that it can become even more accurate, says Raghavendra Selvan. According to the researchers, their invention makes it possible to monitor many geographical areas more thoroughly than has been possible in the past. At the same time, the invention makes it less resource-intensive to keep a close eye on insects, which make up 80 percent of all terrestrial animal species. Today, it is impossible to afford the kind of monitoring needed to gain a more precise overview of how our insects are doing. This sensor only needs humans to place it out in the wild. Once there, it begins collecting data on local , concludes Klas Rydhmer. Facts Insects are the largest, most diverse group of described animal species on Earth. They make up about 80% of all terrestrial animal species on the planet.It is the first time that this artificial intelligence method, known as Variational Auto Encoder (VAE), is being used to take inventory of insect biodiversity.Using an optical signal from an infrared sensor, the algorithm is able to decode insects flying through a light beam. More information: Klas Rydhmer et al, Dynamic ß-VAEs for quantifying biodiversity by clustering optically recorded insect signals, Ecological Informatics (2021). . Citation: Insect wingbeats will help quantify biodiversity (2022, February 23) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-insect-wingbeats-quantify-biodiversity.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000172_A000022	www.football365.com	https://www.football365.com/news/rangnick-cannot-believe-man-utd-first-half-showing-vs-atletico	SGP	Manchester United manager Ralf Rangnick has slammed his side’s first-half performance as they rescued a late draw against Atletico Madrid. found themselves behind early in the Spanish capital after Joao Felix headed in for Diego Simeone’s side. Super sub Anthony Elanga scored late on to rescue , however, who will take a 1-1 scoreline back to Old Trafford for their Champions League second leg. On the performance, Rangnick told BT Sport: “I don’t know if I rescued it but after the performance in the first half, it could only get better. What we played in the first half I still cannot believe. We played without conviction, without aggression and that is why we were struggling. “Second half we did better, more possession in areas that mattered and if we played another 10 minutes we might have won the game. We have to play better in the first half, I was very disappointed by that performance in the first half. “Against and with the ball we were far too apprehensive and did not take any risks. We only played it in our own half and then it is difficult against a team like Atletico. Their goal was difficult to defend, a brilliant cross and finish. We have to play with more conviction on the ball, we need more deep runs and the way we scored the goal was exactly that. This is how we have to play against them.” On goalscorer Elanga, Rangnick added: “He is playing as though it is a dream come true, it is a joy and fun to watch him play, I wish a few other players would take him as an example and as a role model. Football is an important sport, even more so for the supporters, and it is a ball game. This is what I wish us to do especially in the second leg. “To start with, we could do with him (Victor Lindelof) in aerial duels, set-pieces, free-kicks for and against us. All three centre-halves were in good shape, but after seven minutes we were 1-0 down the plan was in the dustbin. I knew this was not his best position, when we had Aaron Wan-Bissaka on the ball and Alex Telles, we had more possession and more assistance from the wings. In the end, due to the early goal it was difficult. “In the second half we showed in quite a few moments how we have to play. It will be different at home in front of 75,000 fans and more conviction than we did in the first half.” 
20220223_165637_eth_C000173_A000017	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/23/22948219/google-covid-19-vaccine-mandate-employees-mask-policy	ETH	Google is no longer requiring its US-based workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19, . “We’re not enforcing vaccination requirements as a condition of employment for US office workers at this time,” Google spokesperson Lora Lee Erickson said in a statement to The Verge after we first published this article. “We’re continuing to implement our vaccination policy requiring COVID-19 vaccinations or approved accommodations for any individuals accessing our sites, because it’s one of the most important ways we can keep our workforce safe and keep our services running.” However, a policy that is still in effect. “Google’s original vaccination policy announced last July remains in place, which requires COVID-19 vaccinations or approved accommodations for anyone accessing our sites,” according to Erickson. In addition, only employees at Google’s Santa Clara County facilities will have to wear masks in the office, Erickson says. CNBC also shared details from a memo sent to staff by David Radcliffe, Google’s VP of real estate and workplace services. Google is lifting a policy that required anyone entering a Google facility, even vaccinated staffers, to . However, “unvaccinated employees who are approved to enter offices will still need to follow additional protocols, including testing and wearing a mask, Radcliffe’s note stated,” according to CNBC. Google is also relaxing policies over some of its famed amenities, CNBC reports: Radcliffe also wrote that the company is reopening amenities like fitness centers without appointment and massages; restoring full shuttle service; adding more places to eat free breakfast and lunch; and opening “all informal spaces” such as lounges, game rooms, music rooms, and massage chairs. The company said in December that would wait until 2022 . When employees are expected to return in-person, Google has to giving them a 30-day heads up. The company has also plans for a hybrid work week where it will expect most employees to be in the office three days per week. Apple has also begun to relax its COVID-19 policies, as it has dropped mask requirements for customers shopping at its Apple retail stores . Apple may drop the mandate for retail employees to wear masks as well “in as early as two weeks,” according to . Update February 24th, 12:59PM ET: Added additional information from Google. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000173_A000019	dailynewsegypt.com	https://dailynewsegypt.com/2022/02/23/realme-introduces-realme-9i-in-egypt-and-the-most-premium-flagship-ever-gt-2-series-at-mwc/	ETH	realme, the world’s fastest-growing smartphone brand, yesterday announced its newest device for the Egyptian market – realme 9i. This is the first device from the realme 9 series in the Egyptian market that will be followed by other devices such as the realme 9 Pro and realme 9 Pro+. The realme 9i the first in segment device equipped with a Snapdragon 680 processor and 33W Dart Charging capabilities that delivers outstanding performance allowing users to experience the “Next Level Power”. realme 9i will be available featuring the unique Stereo Prism Design in two dynamic colors – Prism Blue and Prism Black, with a special price for early bird customers through a flash sale that will start from Feb 23rd, 02:00PM on NOON priced at EGP3,790 for the 4GB+64GB variant and EGP4,090 for 6GB+128GB version. “We are always keen on providing Egyptian users with our latest technologies, giving them the opportunity to experience the next level of power with the realme 9 series,” said Ghada Yehia, PR Manager, realme. “Starting with the realme 9i, the realme9 series will take the mid-range smartphone segment to a whole new level combining the best of both – powerful performance and exquisite design.” realme 9i stands out as the most powerful and stylish smartphone In terms of specifications, realme 9i is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 680, the advanced 6nm processor, which features a powerful Octa-core, clocking up to 2.4GHz speed, bringing less power consumption and more performance. The processor provides a 25% increase in CPU and AI performance, as well as a 10% increase in GPU performance, allowing smoother application, faster launch, higher frame rate, better gaming experience, and fewer lags. Being the most powerful 6nm processor in its segment combined with a 90Hz ultra smooth display with a massive 5000 mAh battery and 33W dart charge, realme 9i is coming to emphasize that the realme 9 series is taking users to the next level of performance. The device also features the first-in-the-segment 33W Dart Charging solution, which can charge the smartphone up to 100 per cent in just 70 mins. Equipped with a massive 5000mAh battery with super power-saving mode, realme 9i offers uninterrupted consumption and usage for long hours. realme 9i also features an advanced 50MP AI Triple Camera, comprising a 50MP Ultra HD Main Camera, a 2MP B&W Portrait Lens for professional portrait mode, and a 2MP macro lens along with trendy photography functions like Panoramic view, Expert, Time-lapse, AI Beauty Filter, Super Text, Slow Motion. It has an Adaptive 90Hz Smooth Display & supports five levels of refresh rate for a smooth experience. With a 90.8% screen-to-body ratio, the smartphone offers a large display. The phone comes with an 8.4mm thin build, weighing at 190g, making it easy to carry. The device features the realme UI 2.0 which provides users with a smooth and trouble-free experience like no other. The realme 9i brings the first Stereo Prism Design to the realme family of devices, presenting a dynamic effect of three-dimensional light and shadow transformation. Furthermore, in Barcelona, realme has just announced the launch of its most premium flagship ever, The realme GT 2 Series, on February 28, MWC 2022. The realme GT 2 series was launched in China early last month as one of the first smartphones to be powered by the latest snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor. realme GT 2 Pro could be the first Snapdragon 8 Gen 1-powered smartphone in Europe. The device comes with three world firsts: a back cover made of bio-polymer material, a 150° ultra-wide camera, and realme’s Innovation Forward Communication and is set to provide global users with a fantastic smartphone experience. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000173_A000027	www.football.london	https://www.football.london/arsenal-fc/transfer-news/arsenal-news-transfers-live-david-23188111	ETH	Hello and welcome along to football.londons live Arsenal coverage on Wednesday. The Gunners are firmly in the midst of their battle for Champions League football next season and will be aiming to take another significant step towards securing their return to the competition this week. are set to host direct rivals Wolverhampton Wanderers at the Emirates Stadium tomorrow in a game that looks key to both sides European hopes. We will be bringing you the latest team news and build-up from London Colney throughout the day. Away from the pitch and the Gunners are still looking to add to their squad ahead of any potential European return. A number of names including Joao Felix and have both been linked with a switch to north London over recent weeks, whilst there are still decisions to be made over s current squad. We will stay across all of the latest rumours and gossip throughout the entire day. With all of that being said, make sure you keep the blog locked and stay tuned in so that you dont miss a single development.22:11Aaron Catterson-ReidGood night!Thank you to everyone who joined us for todays Arsenal liveblog.Tune in again tomorrow as we do it all over again!21:27Aaron Catterson-ReidTottenham lossArsenals local and top-four rivals Tottenham Hotspur lost 1-0 to Burnley on Wednesday night.It is a huge boost for the Gunners in their pursuit of UEFA Champions League football as they host Wolves to the Emirates Stadium tomorrow night.Ben Mee scores during the Premier League match between Burnley and Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor20:46Aaron Catterson-ReidXhaka claimSpeaking to , Darren Bent has claimed that Granit Xhaka is a liability to Arsenal.I know that the Xhaka thing is an issueBy all accounts, he is a great guy in the dressing room. The players seem to love him. But on the pitch, he is a bit of a liability. He (Arteta) needs to look at the scenario.20:01Aaron Catterson-ReidNkunku pursuitAccording to , Arsenal are still keen to sign RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku.Nkunku was linked with the Gunners back in January 2019 before they eventually opted to bring Denis Suarez to the club on loan instead.Arsenal target Christopher Nkunku is in stunning form for RB Leipzig. (Photo by Ronny Hartmann / AFP) (Photo by RONNY HARTMANN/AFP via Getty Images)19:29Aaron Catterson-ReidArtetas hintMikel Arteta may have hinted that Cedric Soares will start at right-back against Wolves tomorrow night.When asked about Cedric, he said: “It’s exactly what I want. That we have players that can play in the same role with different qualities that give us different options and you have the reassurance that they give you performances at a high level.”Gabriel Martinelli and Cedric of Arsenal during a training session at London Colney. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)18:51Aaron Catterson-ReidVlahovic linksThierry Henry has heaped praise on previous Arsenal target Dusan Vlahovic after he netted on his Champions League debut for Juventus.Speaking to , Henry said: “I thought Vlahovic did ever so well with the goal, the way he finished it. But, after that, it was very difficult because they didn’t have the ball.Dusan Vlahovic was a target for Arsenal last month (Image: BT Sport)18:11Aaron Catterson-ReidMartinelli verdictGabriel Martinelli has spoken about his admiration for Arsenal teammates Aaron Ramsdale and Ben White.The Brazilian said: Ben [White] and Aaron [Ramsdale] are really nice people and they try and speak to everyone. Ramsdale on the ball is unbelievable, he can put the ball wherever he wants.Gabriel Martinelli says Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is an unbelievable coach. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) (Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)17:34Aaron Catterson-ReidLautaro Martinez pursuit have reported a story from Italian newspaper Il Giorno, that Arsenal have taken ‘the first steps’ towards signing Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez.The Gunners have been linked with the Argentine international in recent times as they look for a long-term replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.Lautaro Martinez continues to be linked with a move to Tottenham in the summer transfer window (Image: Photo by Marco Canoniero/LightRocket via Getty Images)17:07Aaron Catterson-ReidTorreira exit?According to Italian outlet , Fiorentina are ready to pay €15million (Ł12.5million) for Arsenals Lucas TorreiraThe Uruguayan international has enjoyed a solid loan campaign with the Serie A side this term.Lucas Torreira looks set to end his time as an Arsenal player. (Photo by Gabriele Maltinti/Getty Images)16:57Aaron Catterson-ReidVote belowWho are the teams you love to hate? Which teams do you have a soft spot for? Take part in our League of Love & Hate survey 16:33Aaron Catterson-ReidPalace clash rescheduledArsenals Premier League clash against Crystal Palace has been rescheduled.The Gunners were due to face Patrick Vieiras men on April 2 but the game has now been pushed back to April 4, with Sky Sports televising the match at Selhurst Park.Crystal Palace manager Patrick Vieira (Image: James Williamson - AMA/Getty Images)15:59Aaron Catterson-ReidGilberto Silva claimArsenal icon Gilberto Silva has backed Sporting Lisbon ace Matheus Nunes to join Mikel Artetas side in the summer transfer window.When asked if the Gunners should sign him, Silva said: “Why not?”Former Arsenal star Gilberto Silva. (Image: Sky Sports). 14:36Bobby VincentFelix latestWith Arsenal supposedly interested in Joao Felix, football.london takes a look at when the Portugal international was tipped to become better than Cristiano Ronaldo.Reported Arsenal target Joao Felix has been compared to Cristiano Ronaldo in the past (Image: Photo by Jose Breton/Pics Action/NurPhoto via Getty Images))14:01Bobby VincentWhy Arsenal should sign SanchesRenato Sanches has proved to Mikel Arteta why he would be the perfect midfield signing in the summer transfer window in order to improve the midfield.Renato Sanches of Lille (Image: Photo by Marcio Machado/Eurasia Sport Images/Getty Images)13:36Bobby VincentJohnson blowWest Ham United have taken up a two-year option in Ben Johnsons contract, amid reported interest from Arsenal.That is according to the , who say that the full-back has agreed a deal to stay with the Hammers until the summer of 2024 at least, with his initial contract due to expire in less than six months.Ben Johnson of West Ham United applauds the fans following victory in the Premier League match against Liverpool (Photo by Alex Pantling/Getty Images)12:47Bobby VincentArteta opens door to Wilshere returnArsenal manager Mikel Arteta has opened the door to Jack Wilshere returning to the club in the future as a coach.He said: Will he return to Arsenal in a coaching capacity? 100 per cent. Everybody at the club will be willing to open the doors for him and try to find a role for him that can work for everybody.I think that will happen naturally in the future.Mikel Arteta speaking to Jack Wilshere during an Arsenal training session (Image: Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)12:00Bobby VincentArteta transcriptMikel Arteta addressed the press earlier on today, and you can read every word the Arsenal boss had to say by clicking below.Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta during a training session at London Colney. (Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)11:08Bobby VincentArteta delivers contract updateMikel Arteta has delivered an update on his contract situation at Arsenal, with the manager now in the final 18 months of his deal.Mikel Arteta on the touchline during Arsenals Premier League clash with Brentford at the Emirates. (Photo by IAN KINGTON/AFP via Getty Images)10:32Bobby VincentIsak hintAlexander Isak has previously hinted at a move to England amid rumours Barcelona are interested in the Arsenal target.Alexander Isak continues to be linked with a move to Arsenal. (Photo by Ion Alcoba/Quality Sport Images/Getty Images) (Image: Photo by Ion Alcoba/Quality Sport Images/Getty Images)09:29Bobby VincentFelix interestArsenal are said to be interested in signing Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix in the summer transfer window, according to reports in Spain, via the .Joao Felix of Atletico de Madrid warms up during the Spanish League, La Liga Santander, football match played between Atletico de Madrid and Getafe CF at Wanda Metropolitano stadium (Image: Oscar J. Barroso/Europa Press via Getty Images)09:21Bobby VincentPress conference LIVEMikel Arteta is due to speak to the press at around 10am ahead of tomorrows Premier League clash with Wolves.Mikel Arteta saw his Arsenal side pick up an important three points against Brentford on Saturday afternoon (Image: Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)09:00Bobby VincentIsak competitionBarcelona are now reportedly in the race to sign Alexander Isak from Real Sociedad, amid interest from Arsenal., senior officials at the Catalan club love the 22-year-old striker, who recently put pen to paper on a new contract at Sociedad.Alexander Isak continues to be linked with a move to Arsenal. (Photo by Ion Alcoba/Quality Sport Images/Getty Images) (Image: Photo by Ion Alcoba/Quality Sport Images/Getty Images)08:00Bobby VincentVlahovic on life at JuventusDusan Vlahovic has insisted he does not feel pressure, with the former Arsenal target on the scoresheet for Juventus last night.Obviously it was a good start because we scored in the first minute, but we did not win. Im not so happy. We need to look forward and to continue to work hard and to try and win the next games, he said to BT Sport.We played good, but we did not win. We have another game where we need to be concentrated, 100 per cent, to win this game, but we are ready for everything.I dont feel pressure. Im trying to do my best. I need to work hard, but this definitely helps me and the team.Dusan Vlahovic was a target for Arsenal last month (Image: BT Sport)Daniel OrmeDavid hails HenryJonathan David has revealed that he used to regularly watch Thierry Henry in action during his Gunners spell. Speaking with OneFootball, he said: “Watching a little bit of , Samuel Eto’o. Just those quick finishes, if it’s with the toe, the outside of the foo – any type of finish you can get.“Also , the way he drops off, dribbles with the ball and takes on players. Watching the little details of his game is something you can take and put into your game.Read the full story .Jonathan David has already given his Chelsea verdict ahead of Lilles Champions League clash. (Photo by Hugo Pfeiffer/Icon Sport via Getty Images)Daniel OrmeParlour makes Ramsdale claimArsenal legend Ray Parlour has claimed that he would have liked Aaron Ramsdale to have been named Gunners captain had he been playing alongside him. Speaking with talkSPORT, he said: “I would have had Ramsdale if he was a centre-half because he has got that desire, hasn’t he?!“I think the back four are a lot more resilient now. They are harder to break down.Aaron Ramsdale of Arsenal clears the ball during the Premier League match between Arsenal and Burnley at Emirates Stadium. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images)Daniel OrmeSimeone makes Felix decisionWhilst it would appear unlikely that Arsenal would be able to secure the services of Joao Felix, they might have the perfect opportunity to sign the Portuguese starlet.As per El Chiringuito, Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone wants to sign Goncalo Guedes as a replacement and with his contract up next summer, Valencia may be forced to sell. That might then be open to the opportunity of allowing Felix to leave. Read the full story . Joao Felix has been told he can leave Atletico Madrid and Arsenal are one of the clubs interested in signing him. (Photo by Angel Martinez/Getty Images)Daniel OrmeGood morning!Hello everyone and welcome to football.londons live Arsenal coverage. Lets start the morning by taking a look at what was making the headlines from a Gunners perspective yesterday. 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000184_A000009	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/child-dies-after-drinking-suspected-contaminated-water-in-nelson-mandela-bay-20220223	ZAF	A child has died after drinking suspected contaminated water in Nelson Mandela Bay. A child died after drinking suspected contaminated tap water. The municipality declared a crisis, confirming the water had been compromised.The DA wants the Public Protector and the SAHRC to investigate. One child died while another is in an intensive care unit (ICU) following a suspected outbreak of E.coli infections due to contaminated water in the Nelson Mandela Bay municipality. The head of the Eastern Capes health department, Rolene Wagner, said the one-year-old baby was one of three children from Kariega treated for E.coli infection. Wagner said one of the three children had been discharged, while another is in the ICU at Gqeberhas Dora Nginza Hospital.She said there had been 96 reported cases of children under five treated for diarrhoea and dehydration at the departments hospitals in Nelson Mandela Bay in recent months. READ | We are not in a position to confirm what could have led to the cases that have been reported, but, generally, such infections happen when people consume water that has been contaminated with faeces from humans or animals, Wagner said. Following public pressure to come clean about the state of the water, the municipality on Wednesday confirmed the drinking water quality had been compromised. The matter has been declared a crisis.The municipality said an urgent joint operations committee has been established - and work is currently underway to bring about urgent remedial actions.The municipality said it will hold a press conference on Thursday, to update the media, residents and businesses about the water.The update will include the cause of the low quality, identification of affected water distribution zones, and actions currently underway to get the water back to acceptable safety standards urgently, the NMB said in a statement.Wagner said 23 children were treated at Dora Nginza, Mabandla Clinic and Uitenhage Provincial Hospital in December.In January, 73 children were treated for the same symptoms as those in December, said Wagner. The department is calling on people to exercise caution at all times and practice preventive measures, like regular washing of hands, proper food preparation, environmental hygiene in the home, and other basic hygiene practices. It said that should people feel any stomach aches or upset stomach, they should seek medical help immediately, so that they could be examined and, where possible, treated. We have also confirmed with the National Health Laboratory Services that there have been no reported typhoid cases in Nelson Mandela Bay, said Wagner. The DA in the Eastern Cape has written to Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane and the SA Human Rights Commission (SAHRC), to ask that the cause of the tainted water be investigated.The SAHRCs Eastern Cape chairperson, Eileen Carter, confirmed receipt of the DAs letter, while the Public Protectors office could not immediately confirm. Carter said: We actually opened an investigation, on our own accord, into this matter yesterday, and then today received it from the DA as well. We will be putting the allegations to the municipality for their response.READ | The DAs Dries van der Westhuyzen said those found guilty of placing residents health and lives at risk, whether through wilful acts, omission or gross incompetence, must face the music.The DA has been raising concerns over the discoloured water flowing from the taps of residents since January and has repeatedly challenged the municipality to provide the test results of water samples taken to prove that our water is safe, said Van der Westhuyzen. He said, despite residents justified concerns about the silted, cloudy water coming out of taps across the metro, the ANC-led coalition government assured residents that the water was safe to drink.The DA submitted two PAIA applications to legally force the metro to give feedback on water sample test results, he said. It was only after the ANC was backed into a legal corner by the DA, and knew that the results could no longer be withheld, that the municipality came clean and informed residents that the water was, and is, not safe for human consumption. There are reports that this has been the case for at least two weeks, said Van der Westhuyzen. We want to hear your views on the news. to be part of the conversation in the comments section of this article. 
20220223_165637_pak_C000199_A000032	www.cnet.com	https://www.cnet.com/news/mysterious-repeating-fast-radio-burst-traced-to-unlikely-part-of-deep-space/	PAK	Repeating are among the more rare and recent mysteries in the cosmos, and the latest discovery of a repeater confounds astronomers evolving understanding of the bright flashes of energy from deep space that last for just milliseconds. Hundreds of FRBs have been spotted in the sky over the past 15 years, with the vast majority only detected once. But a small percentage of the bursts have been observed to repeat, allowing astronomers to trace over 20 FRBs back to their origins. One of the latest such discoveries is FRB 20200120E, which scientists followed back to a globular cluster of ancient stars in Bodes Galaxy and the famous constellation Ursa Major, also known as the Big Dipper.This revelation came as a surprise to the researchers, because so far FRBs have been associated with magnetars, a type of highly magnetized neutron star thats not thought to exist among older star clusters. Thus, if FRB 20200120E represents an active magnetar, it must have formed through means that we have yet to witness, , who was not involved with the research, in a commentary published in the latest issue of the journal Nature. The details of FRB 20200120E are laid out in a from an international team of astronomers led by Franz Kirsten from Swedens Chalmers University of Technology. The paper suggests that if the source of the repeating FRB is something other than a traditional magnetar, it could be something unique or unusual. Now playing: Watch this: Repeating radio signals coming from space 1:30 We propose instead that FRB 20200120E originates from a highly magnetized neutron star formed either through the accretion-induced collapse of a white dwarf, or the merger of compact stars in a binary system, the papers summary reads. Put in simpler language, an old white dwarf star may have sucked up massive amounts of gas from a companion star or even swallowed a companion whole before collapsing into a magnetar. Getting to the bottom of the mystery will require more observations. But the takeaway is that tracing an FRB back to such an unexpected source suggests theres still much more to learn about the phenomenon, and it may upend our understanding of other aspects of the universe along the way. 
20220223_165637_idn_C000213_A000020	www.football.london	https://www.football.london/tottenham-hotspur-fc/fixtures-results/tottenham-player-ratings-sessegnon-son-23199130	IDN	Hugo Lloris Showed some good handling in the first half in the wet and windy conditions. Couldnt do much about Mees powerful header into the far corner. Didnt have much else to do. 6 Cristian Romero Kept on raiding forward and slid a shot wide in the first half after finding himself in the Burnley box. Made an excellent challenge to stop Weghorst in the Spurs box midway through the second half. However, he was beaten comfortably at the back post by Mee to open the scoring for Burnley. Loses a couple of points for that moment. 6 Eric Dier Strode out of defence a couple of times and on one occasion helped Spurs create a chance. Defended well on the whole, trying to fight against the tough aerial threat of Weghorst. 7 Ben Davies Solid down the left of the back three and didnt do much wrong from his side. 7 Emerson Royal Defended well and got into some good attacking positions but wasnt able to provide the final ball. Came off after the hour mark. 5 Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles Rodrigo Bentancur Slipped awkwardly early on and practically did the splits. He ran it off, and played some neat football in the centre of the pitch, but did not reappear for the second half. 6 Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg Battled away in the centre of the pitch and matched Burnleys fight in the tough conditions. 7 Ryan Sessegnon Conte told football.london that the 21-year-old needed to believe how good he can be but he didnt show that confidence at Turf Moor, not taking opportunities to run at his man when it could have opened Burnley up. 4 Dejan Kulusevski Tried to make things happen from the midfield and switched to right wing-back for the final half hour, soon curling a shot just wide. The most productive of the front three on the whole. 6 Harry Kane Sent a header against the crossbar with the back of his head early in the second half. Showed little moments of creativity and trying to get Spurs going, but was unable to reach anything near the heights of Saturdays display. 5 Son Heung-min Struggled for quality in the final third until his free-kick found Kane after the break with the striker hitting the woodwork. An off night for the South Korean star after his fine display at the weekend. He struggled with his end product. 4 Subs Harry Winks Came on for the second half and didnt do much wrong. Wasnt able to provide any telling balls into the attackers though. 6 Lucas Moura Struggled to make an impact, sending one half-volley well over the crossbar. 4 Steven Bergwijn Came on down the left towards the end of the game and had one shot inside the box that Pope held well. N/A 
20220223_165637_aus_C000243_A000021	au.pcmag.com	https://au.pcmag.com/mobile-phones/92595/samsung-galaxy-s22	AUS	Samsungs Galaxy S22 ($799.99) offers all the power of the Galaxy S22+ in a much for $200 less. That would be a winning proposition, except for one critical trade-off: The S22 sits right at the edge of acceptable battery life. Because of this shortcoming, the S22+ ($999.99) is Editors’ Choice winner for out of the three S22 models, including the Note-like S22 Ultra ($1,199.99). We have much longer reviews of the and the , but here we outline how the smaller S22 compares with those two models.Perfect FormThe S22 is available with 8GB of RAM and either 128GB ($799.99) or 256GB ($849.99) of storage. Buy the 256GB model if you can, as the phone doesnt have expandable memory. None of the S22 models do (or the S21 models, for that matter).The back of the phone is made of an attractive matte materialThe phone comes in black, gold, green, or white through carriers, but Samsung also sells four exclusive colors, including blue, cream, graphite, or violet. The Samsung-exclusive models are real standouts.Whereas the S21 feels a little cheap, the S22 does not. Like the S22+, the S22 has a flat, matte back with a camera bump in the corner. It feels dense and solid with hard edges. Its for water resistance, like its siblings, and it doesnt scratch as easily as the S22 Ultra.At 5.75 by 2.78 by 0.29 inches (HWD) and 5.93 ounces, the phone is smaller and lighter than the Galaxy S21 (5.97 by 2.80 by .31 inches, 6.03 ounces), as well as any of the other models in the S22 lineup and the (6.24 by 2.94 by 0.35 inches, 7.30 ounces). I wouldnt call it a mini phone, but I can get my thumb across the screen in one stretch. The 6.1-inch, 2,340-by-1,080-pixel screen is very bright and dense (422 ppi). The panel has the same resolution as the 6.6-inch one on the S22+, so you see the same amount of content, just smaller. Like on the S22+, the screen automatically adjusts its refresh rate between 48Hz and 120Hz depending on the content. You can also lock it to 60Hz to save battery.The phone has a single SIM slot and a USB-C port, with no microSD card or headphone jackMostly the Same as the OthersThe S22 is functionally similar to the other models in the S22 lineup. It runs Qualcomms Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor and Samsungs OneUI 4.1 skin over Googles Android 12. Like the other models, Samsung promises feature updates through Android 16 and security updates into the Android 17 cycle.All of the S22 models throttle a bit harder under heat than the S21 models, and the S22 throttled sooner than the S22+ in testing: The S22s performance dropped after just six minutes of heavy use as compared with after 10 minutes with the S22+. In a 15-minute test with the CPU Throttling Test app, the phones average performance of 223kGIPS was a bit lower than the S22+s 254kGIPS, too. Check out our full story on for more details.I tested cellular signal strength with the Net Monitor app and got very similar between the S22 and S22+. The S22 supports all of the networks in the US, and, like its siblings, offers better connectivity than models from the S21 generation, particularly in low-signal environments. Samsung sells half a dozen different international models of the phone, so make sure you get the right one for your country; we have more details on these variants in our .The camera stack, most notably, is the same one you get with the Galaxy S22+. If is what you care about most, you dont have to worry about missing out on any features with the less expensive S22. For more, see our story on .A true 3x optical zoom is a step up from the sensor-crop zoom on the S21That said, the Galaxy S22 lacks a couple of features and capabilities compared with the two larger S22 models. It doesnt support , for example, but Wi-Fi 6E routers are currently rare and expensive. It also doesnt have UWB positioning, but devices using that technology are also extremely uncommon (the only one that comes to mind is the ). Battery: The Big QuestionAs I mentioned, battery life is the S22s major issue. The phone has only a 3,700mAh battery. For comparison, the S22+ has a 4,500mAh battery and the S22 Ultra has a 5,000mAh cell. Although the other phones have bigger screens, that difference doesnt matter much in terms of energy use.The S22 streamed video for 9 hours and 5 minutes over Wi-Fi, and a mere 5 hours and 10 minutes over 5G in our tests. Thats more than an hour less of usable battery life in both scenarios than the S22+. You might not be comfortable with those results if you use your phone heavily throughout the day.The S22 also charges at 25W rather than the supposed 45W of the larger phones. However, in our tests, it charges just as quickly overall as the others (likely because of the smaller battery), to the tune of 18% in the first 10 minutes, and from zero to 100% in 75 minutes. The bigger phones require more wattage to get to the same battery percentages because they use larger batteries. Like the other S22 models, the small S22 supports 15W wireless charging and reverse charging.Left to right: Galaxy S22, Galaxy S22+, Galaxy S21The Best Small Android Phone, But Not the Right Galaxy S22 for EveryoneIf youre specifically looking for a small phone thats less than 2.8 inches wide, your choices are limited to the Galaxy S22, ($699.99) and ($399) models, and the obscure Sony Xperia 5 III ($999.99). The Xperia costs $200 more (at a minimum) than the other options, and doesnt noticeably offer anything more for your money. Your decision at that point boils down to a choice between Android and iOS. The Galaxy S22 and the iPhone 13 mini are both terrific phones, but neither does anything that may convince you to switch between the two platforms.So while the Galaxy S22 is the best small Android phone you can buy, the Galaxy S22+ wins our Editors Choice award for Android phones this year despite its slightly larger size. Ultimately, it offers a big enough advantage in battery life to justify its higher cost. And if youre a longtime fan of the Galaxy Note series, the Galaxy S22 Ultra is your best bet thanks to its larger screen and built-in S Pen stylus. 
20220223_165637_nga_C000246_A000010	pmnewsnigeria.com	https://pmnewsnigeria.com/2022/02/23/bala-mohammed-visits-obasanjo-says-apcs-zoning-plan-no-threat-to-pdp/	NGA	Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed has disclosed that the zoning of Presidency to the South by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), posed no threat to the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ahead of the 2023 general elections. The governor made this disclosure, even as he described former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo as a man with a lot of wisdom and an elder statesman per excellence. Mohammed who spoke shortly paying a visit to the former President in Abeokuta on Wednesday, said the PDP would continue to strategise to rescue Nigeria from the present situation she found herself. To him, the zoning of Presidency to the South by the APC “is not a threat to the PDP, because each party is trying to strategize, to plan and organise. If they zone to the South, it is open to us to see how it is going to give us more electoral victory or if we put it to the North it will give us more electoral victory. “This is the kind of things we are doing; the leg works, the permutations and so and so forth. So that, at least, what ever we are going to do, is give us and provide for Nigerians to choose between the best alternatives.” He explained his mission to the former President, stressing the relationship between them and the issue PDP were basically the essence. According to him, “We know that Baba is non-partisan, we know he’s an elder statesman per excellence. But, we are rebuilding our party to remove rancour, division and what-have-you. So, we still need him, because his words of wisdom are always very useful. “So, I have come to sound his opinion on some the things going in the party, to close ranks and make sure that we provide Nigerians with the opportunity to rescue the country, from the present division going around which we have found ourselves.” On his chances of getting the Party’s Presidential ticket to contest the 2023 election, Mohammed expressed optimism, stressing, “to me, Presidency is a consensus; a stakeholder and a statesmanship, its responsibilities. Of course, every Nigerian should try to contribute his or her quota to the growth and development of the nation. “More so, when leadership recruitment should be based on merit, should be based on making sure that, we bring everybody on board and should not be based on manifestation of separatist, which are the instruments and the disgruntlement feelings that are capable of dividing us further. “Nigeria is too large and too important to be ignored. Some of us have benefited so much. It is not about me and my expression, but about the country,” he asserted. 
20220223_165637_isr_C000248_A000016	www.calcalistech.com	https://www.calcalistech.com/ctechnews/article/sksvueveq	ISR	The Israeli startup’s customizable ML observability platform enables data science and machine learning teams to monitor, debug, explain and improve their machine learning models and data 
20220223_165637_irl_C000249_A000014	www.thejournal.ie	https://www.thejournal.ie/russia-sanctions-5690879-Feb2022/	IRL	#Open journalism No news is bad news Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you 
20220223_165637_irl_C000358_A000014	www.thesun.ie	https://www.thesun.ie/news/8409451/russia-tanks-z-symbol-meaning-ukraine-invasion/	IRL	A MYSTERIOUS letter Z painted on Russian tanks and armoured cars could signify the point of no return, experts say. Several theories on the meaning of the symbol have been shared after Vladimir Putins invasion force was filmed rolling towards Ukraine. 6Russian vehicles were filmed on the move all marked with the Z symbol 6Russian trucks were also seen also marked with a white Z inside a square box 6The Russian forces were seen close to the Ukraine border days before the invasion began Footage showed tanks, self-propelled artillery, mobile rocket launchers and supply trucks on the move between six and 25 miles from the Ukraine border. All were marked with similar symbols of a white Z inside a square box. Military sources warned it showed the army was ready for a full-scale attack. The symbols mirror UK and US tactics in the First Gulf War when forces sent to liberate Kuwait marked vehicles with an upturned chevron. A source in Kyiv : “It would suggest final preparations are complete. “It’s vital that any attacking force can be distinguished, particularly from the air where Russian forces will have complete control. “The Ukrainians have very similar tanks and vehicles and will want to reduce the risk of friendly fire.” Other sources added more clues to the meaning of the sinister Z markings. Investigative journalist Aric Toler said his Bellingcat organisation had been monitoring this stuff non-stop for eight years. He said the group has no idea what they are, and hasnt seen it before. He agreed it spelled an invasion, adding: So, assume the worst, I guess/fear. Russia analyst Rob Lee has a different theory. He believes the symbols may refer to contingents of the invasion force assigned to Ukraine regions. It appears Russian forces near the border are painting markers, in this case Z, on vehicles to identify different task forces or echelons, he said on Twitter. <U+0001F535> Read our for the very latest updates Others online suggested it stands for Zorro squad referring to the whole invasion force, or a secret name for a new unit. Added to the mystery is the fact Z is a letter from the Roman alphabet and is not in the Cyrillic script used in Russia and Ukraine. Former field intelligence officer David Kime said Z could stand for the name of Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He claimed on Twitter he was told that by mercenaries from the Wagner Group, a brutal paramilitary organisation . Kime added some military sources believe Z stands for the point of no return. The latest on the crisis in Ukraine... Donald Trump plan to invade Ukraine Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said Britain will inflict pain on Putin A trapped family in a blitzed corner of Ukraine Russia it wont stop at rebel enclaves, fuelling fears it will advance into territory held by Ukrainian forces Britain is to send more weapons to Ukraine as Boris Johnson said Putin was behaving in “an illogical and irrational frame of mind” Lord West, former chief of the Royal Navy, warned one wrong move The Z symbols were filmed two days before Putin ordered tanks and 10,000 troops into eastern Ukraine early on Tuesday. Tanks spotted by a Reuters journalist rolling through one rebel-held town were not displaying any identifying marks. Russia says the troops and heavy armour are on a peacekeeping mission after disputed claims the Russian-speaking population have come under attack. Kyiv says Kremlin-backed rebels in the breakaway regions Luhansk and Donetsk blew up their own targets in false flag attacks as a pretext for Russia to invade. Nato in the territory already held by rebels and will push on to occupy the whole of Ukraine. Yesterday Putin raised alarm when he called for demilitarisation in Ukraine. He also said he recognises the whole of Luhansk and Donetsk as independent nations, not just the parts under rebel control. And his foreign minister questioned Ukraines sovereignty in a blatant threat to the democratic countrys existence. Today Putin warned his unparalleled hypersonic missiles . His threat was delivered on Defender of the Fatherland Day, a national holiday honouring servicemen - and three days after he watched two of the new missiles tested from a Bond villain style “situation room”. It comes amid reports Russia is stockpiling blood at field hospitals on the border. Ukraine declared a state of emergency lasting 30 days and is calling up reservists aged 18 to 60 to take on the invading army. 6 6Vladimir Putin today at a wreath laying ceremony for Defender of the Fatherland DayCredit: AFP 6The Z symbols are believed to be some kind of invasion markersCredit: East2West We pay for your stories!Do you have a story for The Sun news desk? 
20220223_165637_gha_C000370_A000008	www.myjoyonline.com	https://www.myjoyonline.com/dont-wait-for-e-levy-see-to-it-that-police-service-is-resourced-security-analyst-to-finance-minister/	GHA	A security expert, Dr. Adam Bonaa, has urged Finance Minister, Ken Ofori-Atta, to fund the Ghana Police Service immediately rather than waiting for the E-levy bill to be approved.He asserted that the Police have been doing an excellent job in recent years in arresting criminals across the country, prompting his request for resources to enable them to do more.“Generally, because the Police is now operating and catching them (armed robbers) before they strike, it’s going to be very difficult for them to come out openly now. In the past, you’re travelling up north and you’d face probably 10, 15 highway robbers, now the numbers are coming down,” he said.VIDEODr. Bonaa, speaking on JoyNews’ The Pulse on Wednesday said that criminals would not wait until the levy was passed before striking, so the Minister should act accordingly as well.“Even if it’s left with his [Finance Minister] last penny, he should resource the Ghana Police Service and other security agencies because if he doesn’t do it, and he is waiting for e-levy, the more he waits for e-levy, the more the agencies are not resourced and we are all going to be impacted,” he said. Dr Bonaa’s comment follows the at Industrial Area in Accra on Tuesday.The Service on its Facebook page said the suspects “are being pursued by the Anti-Robbery teams.”However, three individuals had sustained various degrees of injury during the foiled bullion van robbery and have been admitted to the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital for treatment.Meanwhile, the Police have assured of their readiness to go the extra mile to ensure the perpetrators of the act are brought to book. “We wish to assure the public that the Police have intensified efforts to get the perpetrators arrested to face justice. We will surely get them,” the Service said in a press statement. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000414_A000031	www.nature.com	https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-022-28594-0	ETH	Leibniz Institute DSMZ German Collection of Microorganisms and Cell Cultures, Braunschweig, GermanyAmber Hartman Scholz, Rodrigo Sara, Scarlett Sett, Andrew Lee Hufton & Jörg OvermannLeibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK), Seeland, GermanyJens FreitagNatural History Museum, London, UKChristopher H. C. LyalOne Planet Solutions, Montpellier, FranceRodrigo SaraUniversidad de los Andes, Bogotá, ColombiaMartha Lucia CepedaPlentzia Marine Station (PiE-UPV/EHU), European Marine Biological Resource Centre – Spain (EMBRC-Spain), Plentzia, SpainIbon CancioEthiopian Biotechnology Institute, Addis Ababa, EthiopiaYemisrach Abebaw & Kassahun TesfayeNational Academy of Agricultural Science and Global Plant Council, New Delhi, IndiaKailash BansalNational Council of Scientific Research and Technologies (NCSRT), Algiers, AlgeriaHalima BenbouzaMinistry of Agriculture, Livestock, Fisheries and Cooperatives, Nairobi, KenyaHamadi Iddi BogaInstitut Pasteur, Paris, FranceSylvain Brisse, Anne-Caroline Deletoille & Raquel Hurtado-OrtizSchool of Biosciences, Cardiff University, Cardiff, UKMichael W. BrufordWellcome Sanger Institute, Hinxton, UKHayley Clissold & David NicholsonEuropean Molecular Biology Laboratory European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Hinxton, UKGuy CochraneGlobal Genome Initiative, Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History, Washington, DC, USAJonathan A. CoddingtonAlexander von Humboldt Biological Resources Research Institute, Bogota, ColombiaFelipe García-CardonaSouth African National Biodiversity Institute, Cape Town, South AfricaMichelle Hamer, Jessica da Silva & Krystal A. TolleyUniversity of Nairobi, Nairobi, KenyaDouglas W. MianoInstituto Tecnologico Vale (ITV), Belem, BrazilGuilherme OliveiraMinistry of Environment and Sustainable Development, Bogota, ColombiaCarlos Ospina BravoUniversity of Lethbridge, Lethbridge, CanadaFabian RohdenNatural History Museum of Denmark, Copenhagen, DenmarkOle SebergUniversity of Freiburg, Freiburg, GermanyGernot SegelbacherNational Centre for Cell Science, Pune, IndiaYogesh ShoucheMariano Galvez University, Guatemala City, GuatemalaAlejandra Sierra National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USAIlene Karsch-MizrachiCentre for Ecological Genomics and Wildlife Conservation, University of Johannesburg, Johannesburg, South AfricaJessica da Silva & Krystal A. TolleyUniversity of the Philippines Los Banos, Laguna, PhilippinesDesiree M. HauteaFundaçăo Oswaldo Cruz (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, BrazilManuela da SilvaNational Institute of Genetics, Mishima, JapanMutsuaki SuzukiInstitute of Biotechnology, Addis Ababa University, Addis Ababa, EthiopiaKassahun TesfayeCentre for Tropical Livestock Genetics and Health (CTLGH) - International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI), Nairobi, KenyaChristian Keambou TiamboMurdoch University, Murdoch, AustraliaRajeev VarshneyCorporación CorpoGen, Bogotá, ColombiaMaría Mercedes ZambranoTechnical University of Braunschweig, Braunschweig, GermanyJörg OvermannConceptualization: A.H.S., J.F., C.H.C.L., R.S., M.L.C., I.C., S.S., Y.A., K.B., H.B., H.I.B., S.Y., M.W.B., H.C., G.C., J.A.C., A.D., F.G.C., M.H., R.H.O., D.W.M., G.O., C.O.B., F.B., O.S., G.S., Y.S., A.S., J.d.S., M.d.S., M.S., K.T., K.A.T., M.M.Z., and J.O. Visualization: J.O., I.C., S.S., R.S., C.H.C.L., G.C., and A.H.S. Funding acquisition: A.H.S., J.F., and J.O. Writing—original draft: A.H.S., R.S., M.L.C., C.H.C.L., I.C., and S.S. Writing—review & editing: A.H.S., J.F., C.H.C.L., R.S., M.L.C., I.B., S.S., A.L.H., D.N., M.d.S., S.B., M.M.Z., O.S., K.T., K.A.T., R.H.O., J.d.S., C.K.T., R.V., J.O., D.H., and I.K.M. 
20220223_165637_ken_C000521_A000033	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-genetic-fingerprints-ancient-migrations-modern-day.html	KEN	Credit: Pixabay/CC0 Public Domain A team of geneticists and archaeologists have analyzed the fine-scale genetic structure and ancestry of nearly 1,200 people from the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and found genetic traces of population mixing spanning thousands of years. The research team from Oxford University and the Imperial College London Diabetes Centre Abu Dhabi (ICLDC) think that these genetic traces reflect the movement of people in the Middle East after major cultural transitions, such as the invention of agriculture, as well as desertification of the region in the past 6,000 years. The research team (including University of Birmingham researcher), co-led by Professor Houman Ashrafian from Oxford Universitys Radcliffe Department of Medicine, think that the unique family histories within the United Arab Emirates will make it easier to spot otherwise rare genetic variants related to diseases such as type 2 diabetes. This means that geneticists could potentially use this as a microcosm to find and understand otherwise difficult-to-find genes related to metabolic diseases. The United Arab Emirates is a Middle Eastern federation of seven Emirates, situated at the crossroads of Africa, Europe and Asia. Archaeologists have found evidence of people migrating across the Middle East because of climatic events such as droughts, as well as population expansions after humid greening events. Trade hubs, such as pearl diving, also led to the mass movement of people. The research study, published in the journal Molecular Biology and Evolution, compared the genetics of their sample from current day UAE to those of people from Sub-Saharan Africa, the wider Middle East, Europe, the Caucasus and South Asia, and found that the genetic admixture of their UAE sample reflected its intercontinental location between Africa, Europe and Asia. The team also analyzed the genetic makeup of the Y chromosome (which is only passed along the male line) and a cell component called the mitochondria (which is only passed along the female line). This too found genetic mixtures consistent with previously known migration events. The studys first author, Dr. Kate Elliott, from Oxford Universitys Nuffield Department of Medicine, said: We know tribal culture is very important to Emiratis and we saw these tribal patterns in their genetics. Different Emirates had distinct genetics signatures matching the geographical position of the Emirates across the country. Through collaborations with many experts, particularly Dr. Marc Habers group at the University of Birmingham, we have been able to deliver such an important contribution to the field. Oxford Universitys Professor Houman Ashrafian, said: This is the first fine-scale genetic analysis of the Emirati population, and in addition to finding genetic traces suggestive of migration events from thousands of years back, we think that this is a useful population to find genetic variants linked to type 2 diabetes, which would have been hard to spot in any other population. The Middle East is relatively understudied when it comes to population genetic studies, despite being home to over 460 million people. The unique population history of the United Arab Emirates makes it a good site to understand the genetics of this region, helping reduce health disparities and promote genomics-driven precision medicine through a deeper understanding of population-specific genetic variation. Fine-scale genetic structure in the United Arab Emirates reflects endogamous and consanguineous culture, population history and geography is published in the journal Molecular Biology and Evolution. More information: Katherine S Elliott et al, Fine-scale genetic structure in the united arab emirates reflects endogamous and consanguineous culture, population history and geography, Molecular Biology and Evolution (2022). Citation: Researchers find genetic fingerprints of ancient migrations in modern-day United Arab Emirates (2022, February 23) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-genetic-fingerprints-ancient-migrations-modern-day.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000596_A000031	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-genetic.html	ETH	Fig. 1: Multilateral funding model for DSI benefit-sharing. Open access to DSI in databases (center blue box) is de-coupled from benefit-sharing (light green box). The multilateral fund (dark green box) can collect funds from micro-levies, voluntary contributions, innovative finance, or from patent royalties. Funding on a national level (dark green arrow) is weighted by the amount of sequences deposited from an individual LMIC, and together with the substantial non-monetary benefit-sharing from DSI (e.g., through international collaborations; lower gray arrow) enables capacity building (especially in the area of genomics and bioinformatics) as well as the build-up of a corresponding research infrastructure. Capacity building improves monitoring, conservation, and sustainable use of biodiversity (dark blue boxes), creating a positive feedback loop that leads to a continuous increase in knowledge generation on biodiversity. Simultaneously, greater availability of DSI creates additional positive feedback loops for generating non-monetary and monetary benefits (gray arrows). The asterisk (*) emphasizes that the use of DSI, and hence the benefits generated, largely depend on the use of DSI originating from several different sources (i.e., countries). Credit: DOI: 10.1038/s41467-022-28594-0 Scientists from 17 countries have published their thoughts on ongoing UN policy discussions around the sharing of digital sequence information to support conservation efforts. Scientists urge for a sensible international solution for sharing genetic data, known as digital sequence information, to help support biodiversity conservation. Members of the global scientific community—41 researchers from 17 countries—including those from the Wellcome Sanger Institute, have come together offering their thoughts on the policy discussions that are currently taking place under the United Nations (UN) Convention on Biological Diversity. They have detailed their thoughts in a new paper, published today (23 February) in Nature Communications, where the researchers explain why a policy solution on digital sequence information (DSI) is urgently needed. They propose a mechanism that would support biodiversity conservation while also better sharing the benefits of DSI research. There is widespread agreement that urgent international action is needed to stem the ongoing destruction of our planets biodiversity. Parties to the UN Convention on Biological Diversity are currently negotiating the Post-2020 Global Biodiversity Framework, which will shape efforts to protect our planet for the coming decades. However, disagreements have arisen regarding how to treat digital sequence information (DSI), in the new framework. Scientists have a long and successful history of sharing DSI openly on the web. This culture of sharing is central to biodiversity research and has driven technological advances in fields as diverse as medicine, food security, and green energy production. Online databases contain DSI for many hundreds of thousands of organisms, and grow in size each day. These widely-used resources support scientific reproducibility, transparency, and advancement. DSI sharing, for example, was crucial to the rapid development of SARS-CoV-2 tests and vaccines. In this new publication, the authors, including those from the Wellcome Sanger Institute, suggest a policy mechanism that would create a positive feedback loop to incentivise countries to generate and share DSI on their biodiversity, while distributing benefits from its use equitably. The authors argue that such a policy mechanism must be multilateral to be successful, which means that nations around the world must cooperate and agree on common rules. The authors of this work also call on policymakers to engage with researchers in their countries who depend on access to DSI, so that any policy solution will not hinder crucial biodiversity research. Open access to digital sequence information accelerates research that is fundamental for tackling a range of global challenges, from the surveillance of pathogenic diseases to the conservation of . Therefore, it is imperative that negotiators agree on a benefit-sharing mechanism for digital sequence information that protects and does not hinder scientific research. Crucially, the views and experiences of scientists from around the world, who are key users and providers of digital sequence information, must be central to these policy discussions, says David Nicholson. More information: Amber Hartman Scholz et al, Multilateral benefit-sharing from digital sequence information will support both science and biodiversity conservation, Nature Communications (2022). Citation: Calls to share genetic data fairly and promote conservation (2022, February 23) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-genetic.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000643_A000027	dailypost.ng	https://dailypost.ng/2022/02/23/womens-afcon-2022-all-countries-that-have-qualified-full-list/	NAM	At least 11 countries have qualified for this year’s Africa Women’s Cup of Nations (AWCON) in Morocco. Nigeria’s Super Falcons became the latest team to qualify for AWCON after beating Côte d’Ivoire’s Lady Elephants 1-0 on Wednesday evening. The Super Falcons qualified on a 3-0 aggregate win after beating Lady Elephants 2-0 last week in Nigeria. This year’s AWCON edition will feature 12 teams and will commence from 2-23 July. South Africa, beaten finalists against Nigeria in 2018, will become the final country to qualify if they can avoid defeat against Algeria in Wednesday’s late kick-off. Teams that have qualified are: Morocco (host nation) Nigeria Cameroon Uganda Burundi Senegal Togo Zambia Tunisia Burkina Faso Botswana South Africa or Algeria. 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000647_A000022	www.hardwaretimes.com	https://www.hardwaretimes.com/amd-rdna-2-gpu-on-samsungs-exynos-2200-loses-to-snapdragon-8-gen-1-in-gaming-75-slower/	ZAF	Another review of the Exynos 2200 and its Xclipse 920 GPU has surfaced, and let’s just say the 1st round of collaboration between AMD and Samsung has been a thorough failure. YouTuber Golden Reviewer put the Galaxy S22 Ultra through its paces and got some not unexpected results. We’re primarily concerned with the Xclipse 920 GPU which is based on AMD’s RDNA 2 graphics architecture and that’s what we’ll focus on. Earlier, we saw the in synthetic benchmarks in both CPU and GPU metrics. This time around, we get to see how it performs in real-world scenarios, namely Genshin Impact. The game was tested for 14 minutes, wherein the frame rates were mostly stable at 30 FPS. There were however a few drops to 20, and a low of 13 FPS. VIDEO In comparison, the Adreno GPU on Qualcomm 8 Gen 1 averaged a whopping 52.9 FPS. That translates to a lead of 75%. Rather pathetic, no? It’d be fair to say that the hardware isn’t entirely at fault here, and much of the performance deficit boils down to firmware and driver discrepancies. Regardless, it’s an absolutely depressing showing from the Xclipse 920. The Exynos 2200 loses to the Snapdragon even in terms of power efficiency. In 3DMark Wildlife Extreme, it’s a considerable 55 points worse than the SD 8 Gen 1, while also lagging by 400 points. Similar scenes can be seen in GFXBench. Here, the Exynos 2200 nets 141 FPS, 34 FPS less than the SD’s 175 FPS, while being five points worse when it comes to power efficiency. 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000673_A000022	www.trustedreviews.com	https://www.trustedreviews.com/how-to/how-to-delete-contacts-on-an-iphone-4211208	ZAF	Here is the definitive guide on how you can delete phone contacts from your iPhone. If you’re looking to clear out your iPhone, a great place to start can be your contacts. We’re sure that there will be people there you haven’t spoken to in years, and deleting a contact can be done in just a few steps. Here is how you can delete your phone contacts on an iPhone. What we used While this will work for any iPhone, in this case we used the . The Short Version Open up your Phone app Select the contact that you want to delete Click EditScroll to the bottom of the page Click Delete Contact Step 1 Open up your Phone appYou can find your contacts list in the Phone app. The menu is at the bottom and Contacts is in the middle. You can also access your Contacts using the Contacts app, or using iCloud, provided that you are signed up. This method will only work using the Phone app or the Contacts app. Step 2 You can use the search bar at the top of the screen to easily find the contact that you’re looking for or scroll through manually. Step 3 Click Edit The Edit button is on the top right-hand side of the screen and is a light blue colour. Step 4 Scroll to the bottom of the pageThe top of the screen will feature the name of the contact, their profile picture, as well as their number. Scrolling to the bottom of this page will give you the option to delete your contact, and the button will be in red. Step 5 Click on the red Delete Contact button that is at the very bottom of the page. You then need to click on the new red Delete Contact pop-up button to confirm your choice, only clicking the button once will not delete your contact. Troubleshooting How can I access my Contacts? You can access your Contacts page via the Phone app or the Contacts app. Both of these apps come pre-installed on every iPhone and can be downloaded via the App Store if you accidentally delete them. Can I delete multiple contacts at once? You cannot delete multiple contacts at once when in the Phone or Contacts app, but it can be done via the iCloud website, provided that you are using the Cloud. 
20220223_165637_pak_C000171_A000004	www.thenews.com.pk	https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/936197-three-more-covid-patients-die-in-sindh	PAK	Three more patients of the coronavirus died overnight in Sindh, bringing the death toll to 8,048 in the province, where 648 new cases emerged when 10,480 tests were conducted over the past 24 hours. This was stated by Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah in his daily Covid-19 situation report on Wednesday. He said 10,480 samples were tested and 647 positive cases were reported, which constituted a 6.2 per cent detection rate in the province.So far 7,871,711 tests have been conducted and 562,814 people diagnosed with the disease across Sindh. Of them, 90.9 per cent or 511,670 patients have recovered, including 1,082 overnight.The chief minister said that currently 43,096 patients were under treatment -- 42,892 in home isolation, nine at isolation centres and 195 at different hospitals. He added that the condition of 178 patients was stated to be critical, including 14 put on ventilators.According to the chief minister, out of the 647 new cases, 117 were detected in Karachi. According to district-wise statistics, Hyderabad reported 157 new cases, Dadu 89, Nawabshah 72, Noushehro Feroz 65, Karachi’s South and East districts 47 each, Jamshoro 41, Sujawal 18, Thatta 16, Tando Muhammad Khan and Matiari 14 each, Korangi 12, Badin nine, Larkana eight, Sanghar and Umarkot seven each, District Malir six, Mirpurkhas five, Karachi’s District Central four, Tando Allahyar three, and Tharparkar, Khairpur and Karachi’s District West one case each.The report said that in the last 24 hours, 233,570 Covid vaccines had been administered, while 46,727,874 or 86.15 per cent of the eligible population had been vaccinated till February 22. 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000183_A000026	www.thecut.com	https://www.thecut.com/2022/02/queen-elizabeth-returns-to-work-after-rumors-of-her-death.html	ZWE	Photo: VICTORIA JONES/POOL/AFP via Getty Images The queen would like you to know she is , thank you very much. Despite what you might have heard, the British monarch is still alive and well — and on the job. Just days after testing (and 24 hours after being falsely pronounced “dead” by the internet), was back to her work-from-home schedule. She reportedly attended her weekly meeting with U.K. prime minister Boris Johnson on Wednesday, February 23, via video. Royal reporter confirmed the news on his Twitter account, writing that Buckingham Palace had verified the queen’s attendance at the meeting. Scobie also reported that the ruler had two virtual meetings scheduled for Thursday, but they have since been as the queen is still experiencing cold-like symptoms from COVID-19. If I had tested positive for COVID-19 and was subsequently declared dead by the internet, I would simply not go to work. But given the U.K.’s shift to a “” strategy, it makes sense that the queen may feel pressure to be back to normal as soon as possible. On Monday, February 21, the day after Buckingham Palace confirmed the queen had tested positive, Johnson rolled out a whole array of new COVID guidelines and requirements. As part of the plan, the legal requirement to self-isolate after testing positive for COVID expires on Thursday, though it seems the queen is planning to stay in isolation throughout her recovery. Probably not a bad idea given that she’s 95 years old. Let this be a lesson to us all: Just because we don’t see someone performing public duties after being diagnosed with a very contagious virus, that doesn’t mean they’re not still alive. Stay in touch. Get the Cut newsletter delivered daily By submitting your email, you agree to our and and to receive email correspondence from us. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000203_A000013	english.cctv.com	https://english.cctv.com/2022/02/24/ARTI4MBZtVa69zyWuhJQT4MJ220224.shtml	BWA	BEIJING, Feb. 23 (Xinhua) -- Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, on Wednesday sent a congratulatory letter for the inauguration ceremony of Mwalimu Julius Nyerere Leadership School in Tanzania.The leadership school was co-founded by six parties in southern Africa: Tanzanias Chama Cha Mapinduzi party, the African National Congress of South Africa, the Mozambique Liberation Front Party, the Peoples Movement for the Liberation of Angola, the SWAPO party of Namibia and the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front.Noting that the six parties have united and led the people in pursuing national independence, construction and development, Xi said the inauguration of the Julius Nyerere leadership school will provide an important platform for the six parties to enhance their governance capacity and better lead their respective countries to achieve development and benefit their people.As the world is undergoing changes rarely seen in a century, China and Africa need to strengthen solidarity and cooperation more than ever to cope with risks and challenges, promote common development and improve peoples well-being, Xi stressed.The CPC is willing to take the inauguration of the Julius Nyerere leadership school as an opportunity to strengthen the exchange of state governance experience with parties in Africa, support each other in pursuing development paths that suit their own national conditions, deepen pragmatic cooperation across the board, promote the building of a high-level community with a shared future between China and Africa, and contribute more to the building of a better world, he said. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000203_A000033	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220223133504.htm	BWA	A research team in the Louisiana State University Department of Biological Sciences led by Assistant Professor Adam Bohnert has published a landmark study linking greater metabolic health -- achieved through a natural plant extract -- with longer lifespans in C. elegans, commonly known as roundworms. Although worms and humans dont appear to have much in common, the researchers say there is good reason to assume the results could be replicated in people, as the study builds on previous work onmetabolic health in mice, conducted at LSUs Pennington Biomedical Research Center under Professor Jacqueline Stephens. The reason this study made so much sense to do in worms is because worms live for only about three weeks, so in a month or two, we had definite results, said Bhaswati Ghosh, LSU student and lead author of the published study. Bohnerts and Stephenss research teams are interested in studying the effects of Artemisia scoparia, a natural plant extract of a particular kind of wormwood that is native to Asia. Made from its leaves, the extract was fed to worms in various doses in Bohnerts lab. The treated worms who received the highest and second-highest dose showed near-immediate improvement in their metabolic health. Not only did the treated worms live up to 40% longer than the untreated control group -- they also grew fat and a little slow, as their increased body mass made it harder for them to move around. But the worms also became healthier and more resilient. It was easier for the treated worms to handle stress. In addition, the researchers found that Artemisia scoparia helps convert unhealthy fat stores into healthy fat stores in the body. This study adds to previous work by Bohnert and LSU Assistant Professor Alyssa Johnson on ways dietary changes influence aging at a cellular level. Now, it appears Artemisia scoparia also can activate many pro-longevity pathways in the body, and effectively turn on multiple genes involved in the lifespan regulation process. Until recently, it wasnt really known how aging could be modified through diet, or how core metabolic signaling pathways influence longevity, Bohnert said. What weve been able to show is that a natural extract can come in and influence these pathways in much the same way a genetic mutation would. The study positions aging as non-deterministic and under our control. Importantly, it gives us a therapeutic standpoint, Bohnert said. We know age is the primary risk factor for many diseases, such as cancer and cardiovascular disease, but if you think of aging as a treatable disease, you can actually treat many diseases at once. While the worms who lived the longest were fed Artemisia scoparia during the time they reached reproductive maturity, or adulthood, Bohnerts team also observed significant effects in worms treated for the first time in middle age. Instead of a 40% increase in lifespan, these worms still managed to live about 20% longer. The study offers a first look at how Artemisia scoparia could change aging and longevity. It also reinforces the connection between metabolic health, fat regulation and longer lifespans. Usually people think of fat as bad, but in these cases, it seems good, and actually pro-longevity, Bohnert said. Artemisia scoparia could have some exciting potential as a dietary supplement. Also, the simple fact that an organism is short, fat and slow-moving does not necessarily qualify it as in poor health, Ghosh added. These phenotypes must be considered in the full context of other parameters, including lifespan. There is currently no recommendation for humans to take Artemisia scoparia as a supplement or any indication of what an effective and safe dosage could be. The researchers investigated several kinds of related plant extracts and only observed positive effects on fat regulation and longevity with Artemisia scoparia. Common wormwood, Artemisia absinthium, used as an ingredient in the alcoholic beverage absinthe, is moderately poisonous and was not included in the study. This work was funded by a pilot grant through Pennington Biomedicals NIH-funded Botanicals Dietary Supplements Research Center. The study was published on February 15, 2022 in The Journals of Gerontology. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000203_A000038	www.medpagetoday.com	https://www.medpagetoday.com/dermatology/skincancer/97339	BWA	Patients with Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) face higher recurrence rates compared with other skin cancers, according to a prospective cohort study. The 5-year recurrence rate for MCC was 40%, and the vast majority of these recurrences (95%) occurred within 3 years of initial treatment, reported Paul Nghiem, MD, PhD, of the University of Washington in Seattle, and colleagues in . This tells us these patients need to be followed closely -- but not forever, Nghiem told MedPage Today. With over 90% of recurrences happening within 3 years, you can really de-escalate surveillance intensity, follow-up intensity, and scan intensity over a few years. Nghiem and colleagues noted that the 40% recurrence rate was near the median reported in previous studies (27%-77%). MCC recurs at a much higher rate than melanoma (approximately 19%), as well as squamous cell carcinoma (approximately 5%-9%) and basal cell carcinoma (approximately 1%-2%). This cancer is much more significantly likely to recur than any of the more common ones, like melanoma, Nghiem added. So this does deserve attention in terms of that high risk of recurrence, and now that we have immune therapies that can really meaningfully help patients with advanced disease, it is important to identify recurrences early. The researchers pointed out that disease stage was a potent prognostic factor for risk of recurrence:11% for pathologic stage I33% for pathologic stage IIA/IIB30% for pathologic stage IIIA45% for pathologic stage IIIB58% for pathologic stage IVAfter adjusting for stage, the team also found that immunosuppression was strongly associated with an increased risk of recurrence (HR 2.4, 95% CI 1.7-3.3, P<0.001), as was older age (HR 1.1, 95% CI 1.0-1.3, P=0.06 for each 10-year increase), male sex (HR 1.9, 95% CI 1.4-2.5, P<0.001), and known primary lesion among patients with clinically detectable nodal disease (HR 2.3, 95% CI 1.4-4.0, P=0.001). The study included 618 patients (median age 69, 37% women) with pathologically confirmed MCC who were prospectively enrolled in a repository maintained by the University of Washington from 2003 to 2019. Median follow-up was 4.3 years. Among the patients who experienced a recurrence, 60% developed distant metastatic disease, with the proportion of patients increasing with higher disease stage at presentation: 5% for patients with pathologic stage I disease, 26% for pathologic stage IIIA, and 58% for pathologic stage IV. Of the 187 deaths in the cohort, 65% were due to MCC. The MCC-specific survival rate was also strongly stage dependent, at 95% at 5 years for patients with pathologic stage I disease versus 41% for pathologic stage IV disease, Nghiem and colleagues noted. They suggested that MCC-specific survival was a more accurate measure of disease risk than overall survival in an older population with comorbidities that put them at a higher risk of dying from causes other than their cancer. These patients should be managed in a multidisciplinary setting where people are really familiar with how to manage this tricky cancer, Nghiem said. These patients usually need more than just surgery. They may need radiation, they may need a sentinel lymph node biopsy, and theyll probably need scans, so there is a lot of tricky management issues for this cancer in general, and then to realize that it will come back in almost half of patients no matter how optimally it is managed means the stakes are very high, at least for a few years. is a staff writer focusing on oncology and hematology. He is based in Massachusetts. Disclosures This research was funded by the National Institutes of Health/National Cancer Institute, the MCC Patient Gift Fund, and the Kelsey Dickson Team Science Courage Research Team Award from the Prostate Cancer Foundation.Nghiem reported personal fees from Rain Therapeutics, EMD Serono, Pfizer, Sanofi/Regeneron, 4SC, and Merck; grants from EMD Serono and Bristol Myers Squibb to his institution outside the submitted work; and a patent for Merkel cell polyomavirus T antigen-specific T-cell receptors and uses thereof pending (University of Washington), as well as a patent for novel epitopes as T-cell targets in Merkel cell carcinoma pending (University of Denmark and University of Washington).One co-author reported grants from GE Healthcare, Philips Healthcare, and Canon Medical Systems USA outside the submitted work. 
20220223_165637_usa_C000224_A000016	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/24/oil-prices-jump-as-russia-launches-attack-on-ukraine.html	USA	A worker in an oil field developed by Almetyevneft, an oil and gas production board (NGDU) of Tatneft.Yegor Aleyev | TASS | Getty ImagesOil prices on Thursday jumped following Russias invasion of Ukraine, with international benchmark crude surpassing $100 a barrel for the first time since 2014. Prices retreated during afternoon trading on Wall Street after President Joe Biden said there are not currently plans to target Russias energy complex with sanctions. The attack is expected to have far-reaching implications for energy markets given Russias role as the worlds second-largest producer of natural gas and one of the worlds largest oil-producing nations.Oil prices have jumped more than $20 a barrel since the start of the year amid escalating Russia-Ukraine tensions. Now, it is feared a wave of international sanctions on Russias energy sector . rose more than 8% at one point to hit a session high of $105.79 per barrel, the highest level since August 2014. U.S. , meanwhile, climbed over 9% to trade as high as $100.54, a price last seen in July 2014.Both contracts retreated during afternoon trading on Wall Street. WTI settled the day 71 cents, or 0.77%, higher at $92.81 per barrel. At one point the contract dipped into negative territory. Brent crude gained 2.3% to settle at $99.08 per barrel. Natural gas prices popped 6.5%. Spot gold, traditionally seen as a safe-haven asset, climbed 2.6%, last trading at $1,957.46 per troy ounce.Russian President launched an attack on Ukraine early Thursday local time after months of military buildup along the border they both share. The directive came days after the Kremlin leader formally recognized the independence of two pro-Moscow separatist regions in eastern Ukraine., NBC News reported. The crisis in Ukraine is changing rapidly and specific reports from the country are difficult to confirm.Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said via Twitter on Thursday that Putin had launched a full-scale invasion, of the country, which he described as a war of aggression. Kuleba called on world leaders to stop the Russian president. The time to act is now, he said.The United States, Canada, Britain, the European Union, Australia and Japan were among the countries to announce the first wave of sanctions against Russia earlier this week, targeting banks and wealthy individuals.A second barrage of measures is shortly, although some analysts believe Western governments will likely exempt energy transactions from the sanctions.The International Energy Agency earlier this week that while the specific impact on world oil markets was yet to be determined, member countries were on standby to act collectively to ensure that global oil markets are adequately supplied.Uncertainty over sanctions responseAt this stage it is anything but clear what could bring the Russian president to his senses, therefore the situation, the equity and oil markets will remain volatile, Tamas Varga, senior analyst at PVM Oil Associates, said in a research note on Thursday.Even if prices drop back below $100/bbl due to abating tension in Eastern Europe, the retracement might prove short-lived and product tightness could keep oil prices at elevated levels in months to come, he added.Matthew Smith, lead oil analyst for the Americas at Kpler, said there may not be an immediate disruption to supply despite Russias attack.Europe and Russia are very interconnected when it comes to energy, and each side is reliant on the other, he told CNBCs Capital Connection on Thursday. The U.S. and the West will probably not impose sanctions specifically on energy flows, he added.Were not likely to see the supply side of things interrupted, even though everything else is escalating, he said.In addition to tight supplies, theres also uncertainty about sanctions from President Joe Bidens administration, said Ellen Wald, president of Transversal Consulting.Will they sanction Russian oil or gas? Because this would mean significant pain for even U.S. consumers. The United States does import Russian oil. In fact, theres oil headed to the U.S. as we speak, Wald told Street Signs Asia.Now that weve actually got this military operation happening on the ground, you have the prospect of physical inability to shift oil out of certain areas, particularly the Black Sea. So, I think were now seeing that factoring into prices as well, she said Thursday.On escalations in Ukraine, Goldman Sachs said in a Wednesday report that the impact on energy prices should be limited.While Europe imports a large share of its natural gas consumption from Russia, the US is a net exporter of natural gas and any spillover effects on US gas prices should be modest, analysts at the Wall Street bank said.Our commodities strategists also expect only a modest impact on oil prices, though they see the risks as skewed to the upside because the oil market is already tight.- CNBCs Pippa Stevens contributed reporting.Correction: This story has been updated to accurately reflect that Ellen Wald said the military operation on the ground is factoring into the spike in oil prices. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000234_A000002	www.boston25news.com	https://www.boston25news.com/news/trending/ukraine-russia-live-updates-australia-japan-announce-new-sanctions/5TISFAK3JVDKVHXVCNVDBT2A7I/	BWA	World leaders on Wednesday continued to condemn Russia’s recognition of a pair of separatist regions in Ukraine.On Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree recognizing the self-declared Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic in eastern Ukraine. The move prompted U.S. President Joe Biden to enact sanctions on Russia.Here are the latest updates:Updated 11:49 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Oil prices jumped above $100 for the first time in more than seven years after Russian President Putin announced a “military operation” in eastern Ukraine, the reported.Update 11:42 a.m. EST Feb. 23: President Joe Biden will speak at 12 p.m. Thursday, CNN reported, citing a White House official.Update 11:37 p.m. EST Feb. 24: Anton Gerashchenko, Ukraine’s deputy interior minister, has also confirmed that a Russian invasion has begun.“The invasion has begun. There have just been missiles on the military headquarters, airports, military warehouses, near Kyiv, Kharkiv, Dnieper,” the minister said in a statement posted to his official Facebook page, The Guardian reported. “Gunfire at the border is underway. From this day, there is a new geopolitical reality in the world.”Update 11:19 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Dmytro Kuleba, Ukraine’s foreign minister, said that Russia has launched a “full-scale invasion.”“(Vladimir) Putin has just launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Peaceful Ukrainian cities are under strikes,” Kuleba . “This is a war of aggression. Ukraine will defend itself and will win. The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now.”Update 10:49 p.m. EST Feb. 23: According to a transcript from RIA-Novosti, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that “circumstances require us to take decisive and immediate action.”“The People’s Republics of Donbas turned to Russia with a request for help,” Putin added. “In this regard, in accordance with Article 51, Part 7 of the U.N. Charter, with the sanction of the Federation Council and in pursuance of the friendship treaties ratified by the Federal Assembly and mutual assistance with the DPR and LPR, I have decided to conduct a special military operation.”Update 10:34 p.m. EST Feb. 23: In a statement, President Joe Biden said “the prayers of entire world are with the people of Ukraine.”“Putin has chosen a premeditated war that will bring a catastrophic loss of life and human suffering,” Biden said. “Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction this attack will bring.”Biden added that the U.S. and its allies will “respond in a united and decisive way.”“The world will hold Russia accountable,” Biden said.Update 10:20 p.m. EST Feb. 23: reported that Putin said the operation would be held in Donbas and urged Ukrainian forces to lay down their arms and go home, according to RIA-Novosti and Tass, which are state-run news agencies.Update 10:01 p.m. EST Feb. 23: President Vladimir Putin said Russia will conduct a military operation in eastern Ukraine, reported.In an address to the Russian people, which coincided with an emergency of the U.N. Security Council, Putin said clashes between Russian and Ukrainian forces were “inevitable” and “only a question of time.”Putin also added that further NATO expansion was “unacceptable.” The president added that circumstances “demand decisive action” from Russia, adding that the operation aims to “protect people.”Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to “consequences they have never seen.”He also said that any responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian “regime.”Update 9:45 p.m. EST Feb. 23: U.N Secretary-General <U+2066>Antonio Guterres addressed the organization’s Security Council, which assembled in an emergency meeting requested by Ukraine, telling Russian President Vladimir Putin to “give peace a chance.”“If indeed an operation is being prepared I have only one thing to say,” Guterres said. “Putin, stop your troops from attacking Ukraine. Give peace a chance. Too many people have already died.”Felix Hoxha, of Albania, called the escalating tensions a “senseless madness”.“Russian wars have nothing to do with its security,” Hoxha said. “This is a confrontation between Russia and international law.”Update 9:21 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a statement that the U.S. has ended waivers and has imposed sanctions on Nord Stream 2 AG -- the parent company of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.“All property and interests in property of those sanctioned that are in or come within the United States or are in the possession or control of U.S. persons must be blocked and reported to the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),” Blinken said in his statement. ”Individuals and entities knowingly engaged in sanctionable conduct related to Nord Stream 2 face similar sanctions risks.”Update 8:01 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Flight paths along Ukraine’s northeastern border are reportedly closed, according to the . The newspaper, citing a report from ZN media, said that airports in Kharkiv, Dnipro and Zaporizhzhia are closed and runways are blocked in case of a possible attack.Russia, meanwhile, issued a NOTAM (notice to airmen or notice to air missions) banning civil aircraft from flight routes along Ukraine’s northeastern border, reported.The notice remains in effect through May 18, the news organization reported.Update 7:14 p.m. EST Feb. 23: The U.N. Security Council will hold an emergency meeting at 9:30 p.m. on Wednesday night to discuss Ukraine, diplomats said, CNN and reported. The meeting was requested by Ukraine, according to .Update 7:09 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Ukraine’s parliament and other government and banking websites were hit with another wave of cyberattacks on Wednesday, according to . Cybersecurity researchers said that unidentified attackers had also infected hundreds of computers with malware. said it detected a new data-wiping piece of malware in Ukraine on “hundreds of machines in the country.” It was unclear how many networks were affected, the reported.“Cyber attack also hit websites of ministries of infrastructure, strategic industries and education,” the Kyiv Independent newspaper .Update 6:30 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky said he tried to call Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday but was unsuccessful, and reported. Zelensky posted an announcement on his official Facebook account early Thursday.“Today I initiated a telephone conversation with the president of the Russian Federation. Silence. Although there should be silence in the Donbas,” Zelensky said.” This step could be the start of a big war on the European continent. The whole world is talking about what could happen any day now.Any provocation. Any flare-up -- one that could burn everything.”In a late-night televised speech, Zelensky spoke Russian to “address Russian citizens as a citizen of Ukraine,” according to the .“Hear us. The Ukrainian people want peace,” Zelensky said. “The Ukrainian authorities want peace.”Update 5:28 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Vitaly Klitschko, the mayor of Kyiv, has declared an emergency for the Ukrainian capital effective midnight local time, according to .Klitschko posted a message on his official Telegram channel, stating that an “operational headquarters has been set up to coordinate the actions of the executive branch, the military command and law enforcement agencies.”The mayor added that the measures would also include “strengthening the protection of public order and facilities that ensure the life of the city.” Mass events and protests will be prohibited, along with the “production and distribution of information materials that may destabilize the situation.”Update 4:25 p.m. EST Feb. 23: White House press secretary Jen Psaki called reports that rebels in eastern Ukraine on Wednesday asked Russia for military assistance in response to Ukrainian “aggression” an example of one of Russia’s “false flag operations” aimed at providing the pretext to go to war.“As we’ve said from the beginning, there are going to be a range of false flag operations,” Psaki said. “This is an example of it. That is suggesting that they feel under threat -- by whom? The Ukrainians that the Russians are threatening to attack?”Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said rebel chiefs contacted Russian President Vladimir Putin to say that shelling by the Ukrainian military had claimed civilian lives and forced people to flee, . Both Russian-backed separatists and Ukrainian officials have accused each other of shelling in recent weeks as tensions between Russia and Ukraine have continued to rise.Update 3:55 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said officials believe that additional Russian forces were moving Wednesday into the so-called Dunetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic in eastern Ukraine in anticipation of military action.“We continue to see (Russian President Vladimir Putin) form his capabilities in such a way that leads us to believe that we are potentially close to some sort of action,” Kirby said at a news conference. “What we see is that Russian forces continue to assemble closer to the border and put themselves in an advanced stage of readiness to act, to conduct military action in Ukraine ... at virtually anytime now.”He stressed that officials don’t know exactly what action Putin plans to take or when he will take it.“We believe that they are ready,” Kirby said. “I’ll just leave it at that.”President Joe Biden said Tuesday that more than 150,000 Russian troops were surrounding Ukraine.Update 3 p.m. EST Feb. 23: Ukraine’s parliament voted Wednesday to approve a state of emergency for the country, according to and .The decree will take effect Thursday and last 30 days, .Update 2 p.m. EST Feb. 23: President Joe Biden on Wednesday announced sanctions on the company that built the 750-mile Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline between Germany and Russia.Biden said the sanctions will apply to Nord Stream 2 AG and its corporate officers. They were announced one day after German officials said they had halted the Nord Stream 2 project following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to sign a decree recognizing a pair of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine.“These steps are another piece of our initial tranche of sanctions in response to Russia’s actions in Ukraine,” Biden said in a statement. “As I have made clear, we will not hesitate to take further steps if Russia continues to escalate.”Update 1:45 p.m. EST Feb. 23: A senior U.S. defense official in Washington says the Russian forces arrayed along Ukraine’s borders are “as ready as they can be” for an invasion, if ordered to launch it.U.S. authorities have estimated that Russia has more than 150,000 troops along Ukraine’s borders with Russia and Belarus.About 80% of those forces are now in “what we would consider forward positions, ready to go,” the official said, adding that they are within 5 to 50 kilometers (3 to 31 miles) of the border. The official added “we still cannot confirm that Russian forces have moved into the Donbas (a rebel-held area in eastern Ukraine).”The official spoke on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the information.The official said the U.S. has indications — based on intelligence as well as visual evidence — that “they (Russian forces) have advanced their readiness to a point where they are literally ready to go now, if they get the order to go.”Update 1:20 p.m. EST Feb. 23: The U.S. and U.K. believe that an attack by Russia on Ukraine is imminent, according to multiple reports published Wednesday.An unidentified U.S. official that authorities contacted Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zalensky to warn that U.S. intelligence indicated it was “highly likely” that Russia would launch an invasion of Ukraine “within 48 hours.” that officials in the United Kingdom also shared the belief that an attack would be launched in the coming days.Similar claims of an imminent invasion have failed to come to fruition in recent weeks, prompting Ukrainian officials to view the warnings with some caution, according to and .In an off-camera briefing at the Pentagon on Wednesday, a senior U.S. Defense Department official that Russian President Vladimir Putin had amassed nearly “100% of all the forces that we anticipated that he would move in.”Update 12:45 p.m. EST Feb. 23: European Union sanctions against Russia have come into effect.They are the first steps in a planned series of retaliatory measures devised to be cranked up if Russian President Vladimir Putin orders an attack or pushes his troops deeper into Ukraine.The sanctions that took effect Wednesday targeted senior Russian government officials, several companies and hundreds of lawmakers who voted in favor of recognizing the independence of separatist parts of southeast Ukraine.The sanctions are mostly a freeze on the assets of those listed and a ban on them traveling in the 27-nation EU.The measures come on top of a slew of economic and other sanctions slapped on Russia since it annexed Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula in 2014.Those sanctions already targeted Russia’s financial, energy and defense sectors, as well as goods that can be used for both civilian and military purposes.Update 11:10 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Ukraine’s minister of digital transformation said officials were dealing Wednesday with a mass cyberattack targeting government websites and several banks.In a , Mykhailo Fedorov said the DDoS, or distributed denial of service, attack began around 4 p.m. local time (9 a.m. EST) and targeted the websites of the Ukrainian parliament, Cabinet and foreign ministry. He said they also caused interruptions or delays on the sites of the defense and internal affairs ministry, which controls the police.Officials worked Wednesday to restore the affected services.The incident marked the second in days in which the Ukrainian government was targeted by a large-scale DDoS attack, . Officials earlier said that they have seen warnings online stating that hackers planned to launch attacks on government agencies, banks and the defense sector, .NATO has blamed recent cyberattacks in Ukraine on Russia’s GRU military intelligence agency and warned further attacks were likely as tensions over a possible Russian invasion of Ukraine mounted.Update 10:50 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday that he was disappointed with the U.S. and NATO in a call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.In a statement issued by the Kremlin, officials said Putin and Erdogan spoke about the “theme of the development of long-term legal guarantees of the security of the Russian Federation.”“In this context, Vladimir Putin expressed his disappointment with the reaction of the United States and NATO, which amounted to an attempt to ignore legitimate Russian concerns and demands,” the statement read.Officials with Erdogan’s office that the Turkish president told Putin that military conflict in the area would not benefit anyone.“President Erdogan, who renewed his call for the matter to be resolved through dialogue, stated that it was important to bring diplomacy to the forefront, and that (Turkey) continued its constructive stance in NATO as well,” officials said, .Update 10:15 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky asked Wednesday for “immediate” security guarantees from the West and Moscow as the threat from Russia continued to loom, .Speaking at a joint media appearance with the leaders of Poland and Lithuania, the newspaper reported that Zelensky said he has tried to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin to negotiate amid the ongoing tensions.“Ukraine needs security guarantees. Clear, specific, and immediate,” he said, . “I believe that Russia must be among those countries giving clear security guarantees.”Tensions have risen between Ukraine and Russia in recent weeks. On Monday, Russia began what the U.S. characterized as the start of an invasion of Ukraine when Putin acknowledged a pair of separatist regions in the eastern part of the country. On Tuesday, U.S. President Joe Biden said more than 150,000 Russian troops were surrounding Ukraine.Update 9:20 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Russian officials on Wednesday called sanctions on the country announced one day earlier by U.S. President Joe Biden “ineffective and counterproductive from the point of view of American interests.”In a statement issued by the country’s foreign ministry, officials called the sanctions part of “Washington’s ongoing attempts to change Russia’s course.”“Russia has proved that, with all the sanctions costs, it is able to minimize the damage,” the statement read. “And even more so, sanctions pressure is not able to affect our determination to firmly defend our interests.”Officials said they remained open to diplomacy “based on principles of mutual respect, equality and consideration of each other’s interests.”“There should be no doubt that sanctions will be given a strong response, not necessarily symmetrical, but measured and sensitive for the American side,” the statement read.Biden announced what he called the “first tranche” of sanctions on Russia one day after the country’s president, Vladimir Putin, acknowledged a pair of separatist regions in eastern Ukraine. The sanctions target Russian banks and oligarchs.Update 8:07 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Russia’s state-run media agency, Tass, is reporting that Russia has begun to evacuate its diplomatic personnel from Ukraine, according to . Update 7:05 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Ukraine’s National Security and Defense Council said Wednesday that it is asking the country’s parliament to declare a 30-day state of emergency, which could later be extended, is reporting.Lawmakers are expected to approve the move, which would apply to all areas except for Donetsk and Luhansk, within the next 48 hours, according to the news outlet.Meanwhile, Ukraine’s Foreign Ministry urged citizens to refrain from traveling to Russia, reported. Any Ukrainians currently in Russia should leave immediately, officials said.Update 5:20 a.m. EST Feb. 23: In his general audience Wednesday, said his “heart aches” over the worsening situation in Ukraine.“Despite the diplomatic efforts of the last few weeks, increasingly alarming scenarios are opening up,” the pope said, according to a readout on the website. “Like me, many people all over the world are feeling anguish and concern. Once again, the peace of all is threatened by partisan interests. I would like to appeal to those with political responsibility to examine their consciences seriously before God, who is the God of peace and not of war; who is the Father of all, not just of some, who wants us to be brothers and not enemies. I pray that all the parties involved refrain from any action that would cause even more suffering to the people, destabilising coexistence between nations and bringing international law into disrepute.”He also called for everyone to “dedicate themselves intensely to prayer and fasting” for peace on March 2, Ash Wednesday.“May the Queen of Peace preserve the world from the madness of war,” he said, according to the readout.Update 5 a.m. EST Feb. 23: In a video statement Wednesday, Russian President said he remains open to diplomacy, is reporting.“We can see the difficult international situation and the threats posed by current challenges, such as the erosion of the arms control system and NATO’s military activities. And yet, Russia’s appeals to build a system of equal and indivisible security that would reliably defend all countries, remain unanswered,” Putin said in the message, which was released for Russia’s holiday.“Our country is always open to a direct and honest dialogue and ready to search for diplomatic solutions to the most complicated issues,” the statement continued. “But I want to repeat that Russia’s interests and the security of our people are an indisputable priority. So, we will continue to strengthen and modernise our Army and Navy, striving to increase their effectiveness, so they are fitted out with the most cutting-edge equipment.”Meanwhile, Ukraine Foreign Minister urged Western nations to continue to impose sanctions on Russia, according to .“First decisive steps were taken yesterday, and we are grateful for them,” Kuleba tweeted Wednesday. “Now the pressure needs to step up to stop Putin. Hit his economy and cronies. Hit more. Hit hard. Hit now.”Ukrainian lawmakers also voted to approve sanctions on more than 350 Russians, including restrictions on entering the country and accessing assets, reported.Update 1 a.m. EST Feb. 23: Australia and Japan have announced new sanctions against Russia.According to , Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Wednesday said the country will impose sanctions and travel bans targeting eight members of the Russian Security Council. Australia also will expand its previous sanctions to include two Russian banks, the reported.Meanwhile, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida announced Wednesday that Japan will ban the new issuance and distribution of Russian bonds in the country, according to the news outlet. In addition, Japan will ban trade with Donetsk and Luhansk – the two Ukrainian rebel regions – as well as suspend the issuance of visas and freeze the assets of people linked to those areas, the reported.The Associated Press contributed to this report.©2022 Cox Media Group 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000234_A000018	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/24/oil-prices-jump-as-russia-launches-attack-on-ukraine.html	BWA	A worker in an oil field developed by Almetyevneft, an oil and gas production board (NGDU) of Tatneft.Yegor Aleyev | TASS | Getty ImagesOil prices on Thursday jumped following Russias invasion of Ukraine, with international benchmark crude surpassing $100 a barrel for the first time since 2014. Prices retreated during afternoon trading on Wall Street after President Joe Biden said there are not currently plans to target Russias energy complex with sanctions. The attack is expected to have far-reaching implications for energy markets given Russias role as the worlds second-largest producer of natural gas and one of the worlds largest oil-producing nations.Oil prices have jumped more than $20 a barrel since the start of the year amid escalating Russia-Ukraine tensions. Now, it is feared a wave of international sanctions on Russias energy sector . rose more than 8% at one point to hit a session high of $105.79 per barrel, the highest level since August 2014. U.S. , meanwhile, climbed over 9% to trade as high as $100.54, a price last seen in July 2014.Both contracts retreated during afternoon trading on Wall Street. WTI settled the day 71 cents, or 0.77%, higher at $92.81 per barrel. At one point the contract dipped into negative territory. Brent crude gained 2.3% to settle at $99.08 per barrel. Natural gas prices popped 6.5%. Spot gold, traditionally seen as a safe-haven asset, climbed 2.6%, last trading at $1,957.46 per troy ounce.Russian President launched an attack on Ukraine early Thursday local time after months of military buildup along the border they both share. The directive came days after the Kremlin leader formally recognized the independence of two pro-Moscow separatist regions in eastern Ukraine., NBC News reported. The crisis in Ukraine is changing rapidly and specific reports from the country are difficult to confirm.Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said via Twitter on Thursday that Putin had launched a full-scale invasion, of the country, which he described as a war of aggression. Kuleba called on world leaders to stop the Russian president. The time to act is now, he said.The United States, Canada, Britain, the European Union, Australia and Japan were among the countries to announce the first wave of sanctions against Russia earlier this week, targeting banks and wealthy individuals.A second barrage of measures is shortly, although some analysts believe Western governments will likely exempt energy transactions from the sanctions.The International Energy Agency earlier this week that while the specific impact on world oil markets was yet to be determined, member countries were on standby to act collectively to ensure that global oil markets are adequately supplied.Uncertainty over sanctions responseAt this stage it is anything but clear what could bring the Russian president to his senses, therefore the situation, the equity and oil markets will remain volatile, Tamas Varga, senior analyst at PVM Oil Associates, said in a research note on Thursday.Even if prices drop back below $100/bbl due to abating tension in Eastern Europe, the retracement might prove short-lived and product tightness could keep oil prices at elevated levels in months to come, he added.Matthew Smith, lead oil analyst for the Americas at Kpler, said there may not be an immediate disruption to supply despite Russias attack.Europe and Russia are very interconnected when it comes to energy, and each side is reliant on the other, he told CNBCs Capital Connection on Thursday. The U.S. and the West will probably not impose sanctions specifically on energy flows, he added.Were not likely to see the supply side of things interrupted, even though everything else is escalating, he said.In addition to tight supplies, theres also uncertainty about sanctions from President Joe Bidens administration, said Ellen Wald, president of Transversal Consulting.Will they sanction Russian oil or gas? Because this would mean significant pain for even U.S. consumers. The United States does import Russian oil. In fact, theres oil headed to the U.S. as we speak, Wald told Street Signs Asia.Now that weve actually got this military operation happening on the ground, you have the prospect of physical inability to shift oil out of certain areas, particularly the Black Sea. So, I think were now seeing that factoring into prices as well, she said Thursday.On escalations in Ukraine, Goldman Sachs said in a Wednesday report that the impact on energy prices should be limited.While Europe imports a large share of its natural gas consumption from Russia, the US is a net exporter of natural gas and any spillover effects on US gas prices should be modest, analysts at the Wall Street bank said.Our commodities strategists also expect only a modest impact on oil prices, though they see the risks as skewed to the upside because the oil market is already tight.- CNBCs Pippa Stevens contributed reporting.Correction: This story has been updated to accurately reflect that Ellen Wald said the military operation on the ground is factoring into the spike in oil prices. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000234_A000025	news.sky.com	https://news.sky.com/story/the-crown-jewels-stolen-in-overnight-raid-12550022	BWA	Valuable props used in the filming of the Netflix series The Crown have been stolen, the company has confirmed.The items, worth up to Ł150,000, were taken during an overnight raid on the TV companys production site near Doncaster last Wednesday. The Sun newspaper reported that among the props taken was a replica of a rare Fabergé egg, acquired by the Queens grandfather George V in 1933.The multi-award winning show is currently shooting its fifth series and is due to air at the end of the year.The latest instalments cover event in the 1990s. Read more: Screen veteran Imelda Staunton takes over from Olivia Colman as the Queen and Lesley Manville will portray Princess Margaret. Elizabeth Debicki moves into the role of Diana, Princess of Wales, previously played by Emma Corrin.The series will reportedly include a dramatisation her headline-making 1995 Panorama interview with Martin Bashir as well as other key events in her later life.Writer Peter Morgan has confirmed there will be a sixth - and final - series. 
20220223_165637_uga_C000279_A000032	www.tribuneindia.com	https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/schools/global-warming-speeding-up-worlds-water-cycle-372701	UGA	Sydney, Feb 24 Rising temperatures are accelerating the worlds water cycle and triggering natural disasters such as droughts and floods, according to a new report led by Australian researchers. The report, published in Nature journal, released to the public on Thursday, said that the hotter temperatures are speeding up the constant cycle of freshwater between the clouds, the land and the ocean, leading to more extreme weather conditions with the worlds wetter areas becoming even more soaked and the dry regions becoming even more parched. Taimoor Sohail, the lead author and a mathematician from the University of New South Wales (UNSW), said the findings paint a picture of the larger changes happening in the global water cycle, Xinhua news agency reported. Previously, changes to the cycle had been difficult to directly observe, as about 80 per cent of global rainfall and evaporation occurs over the ocean. Sohail said his team had instead analysed historical data from 1970 to 2014 to monitor the changing patterns of salt in the ocean, to estimate how much ocean freshwater had moved from the equator to the poles during that time. Their new findings showed that between two and four times more freshwater had moved than climate models had anticipated. The researchers believe the amount of freshwater that was transported from the equator to the poles during those years had exceeded predictions by up to 77,000 cubic km. We already knew the global water cycle was intensifying, Sohail said. We just didnt know by how much. Jan Zika, co-author of the report and associate professor of UNSW School of Mathematics and Statistics, said evaporation in warmer regions removed freshwater from the oceans making those bodies of water saltier. In contrast, Zika said the water cycle takes that freshwater to colder regions where it falls as rain, diluting the ocean and making it less salty. Changes to the water cycle can have a critical impact on infrastructure, agriculture, and biodiversity, Sohail said. Its therefore important to understand the way climate change is impacting the water cycle now and into the future. Establishing the change in warm-to-cold freshwater transport means we can move forward and continue to make these important projections about how climate change is likely to impact our global water cycle, Sohail said. IANS 
20220223_165637_usa_C000311_A000012	apnews.com	https://apnews.com/article/united-nations-general-assembly-russia-ukraine-europe-russia-united-nations-31c5af31d2a72163676459d317269b35	USA	UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The emergency U.N. Security Council meeting was meant as an eleventh hour effort to dissuade Russia from sending troops into Ukraine. But the message became moot even as it was being delivered. While diplomats at U.N. headquarters were making pleas for Russia to back off — “Give peace a chance,” Secretary-General Antonio Guterres implored — Russian President Vladimir Putin that he said was intended to protect civilians in Ukraine.Putin warned other countries that any effort to interfere with the Russian operation would lead to “consequences they have never seen.”The council, where Russia holds the rotating presidency this month, gathered Wednesday night hours after Russia said rebels in eastern Ukraine had asked Moscow for military assistance. Fears that Russia was laying the groundwork for war bore out about a half hour later. “It’s too late, my dear colleagues, to speak about de-escalation,” Ukrainian Ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya told the council. “I call on every one of you to do everything possible to stop the war.” In a spontaneous exchange not often seen in the council chamber, Kyslytsya challenged his Russian counterpart to say that his country wasn’t at that very moment bombing and shelling Ukraine or moving troops into it. “You have a smartphone. You can call” officials in Moscow, Kyslytsya said. “I have already said all I know at this point,” Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia responded. He added that he didn’t plan to wake up Russia’s foreign minister — and said that what was happening was not a war but a “special military operation.” Kyslytsya dismissed that description outside the meeting as “lunatic semantics.”At the council’s second emergency meeting this week on Ukraine, members found themselves delivering prepared speeches that were instantly outdated. Some ultimately reacted in a second round of hastily added remarks. “At the exact time as we are gathered in the council seeking peace, Putin delivered a message of war, in total disdain for the responsibility of this council,” U.S. Ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield said. She added that a draft resolution would be circulated to the council Thursday. The resolution would declare that Russia is violating the U.N. Charter, international law and a 2015 council resolution on Ukraine, a European diplomat said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private. The resolution would urge Russia to come back into compliance immediately, the diplomat said.Earlier Wednesday, diplomats from dozens of countries took the floor at the U.N. General Assembly to deplore Russia’s actions toward Ukraine and plead for dialogue, while Russia and ally Syria defended Moscow’s moves. Echoing , Nebenzia portrayed his country as responding to the plight of beleaguered people in the breakaway areas. Russia claims Ukraine is engaging in violence and oppression, which Ukraine denies.“The root of today’s crisis around Ukraine is the actions of Ukraine itself,” he told the council Wednesday. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba implored countries to use tough economic sanctions, strong messages and “active diplomacy” to get Russia to back off. A lackluster response would jeopardize not only Ukraine but the concept of international law and global security, he warned. Meeting a day after , the 193-member General Assembly didn’t take any collective action. But the comments from nearly 70 nations, with more scheduled for Monday, represented the broadest forum of global sentiment since the crisis dramatically escalated this week. Russia seized Ukraine’s Crimea Peninsula in 2014, and pro-Russia rebels have since been fighting Ukrainian forces in the eastern areas of Donetsk and Luhansk. More than 14,000 people have been killed in the conflict. After weeks of rising tension as Moscow , Putin on Monday there for what he called “peacekeeping.” Guterres disputed that, saying the troops were entering another country without its consent. By the end of the night Wednesday, as explosions were heard in Kyiv and other cities across Ukraine, Guterres’ appeal to “give peace a chance” had become a darker and more desperate plea. “President Putin, in the name of humanity, bring your troops back to Russia,” the secretary-general said in remarks to reporters. “In the name of humanity, do not allow to start in Europe what could be the worst war since the beginning of this century.” 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000312_A000002	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/bionix-saf-captain-guilty-nsf-liu-kai-jailed-5-months-2516486	SGP	SINGAPORE: A Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) captain was sentenced to five months jail on Thursday (Feb 24) for carrying out (NSF) in 2018. , 30-year-old Ong Lin Jie told the court through his lawyer that he will be filing an appeal against the conviction and sentence. Ong was of one charge of committing a rash act not amounting to culpable homicide in the incident which led to NSF Liu Kais death, after he was pinned in a Land Rover by a Bionix vehicle. A regular officer and platoon trainer with the Armour Unit Training Regiment at the time, Ong was taking part in a three-day training exercise near Sungei Gedong Camp in November 2018 with the victim. He was a platoon trainer, tasked to oversee the opposition forces manoeuvres and ensure that the force adhered to safety procedures. He was also the vehicle commander of the Land Rover driven by CFC Liu. However, District Judge Jasvender Kaur found in her judgement in November 2021 that Ong had failed to establish if it was safe to overtake a Bionix armoured vehicle by first communicating with the Bionix’s crew. The armoured vehicle then reversed as part of a combat drill and mounted the driver’s side of the Land Rover, killing Liu. SELECTIVE AMNESIA Deputy Public Prosecutor (DPP) Hay Hung Chun noted District Judge Kaur’s earlier conviction remarks that Ong had shown “selective amnesia” even after being confronted with “incontrovertible evidence”, reported TODAY. For more than five months after the incident, Ong had suppressed during investigations the fact that he ordered Liu to overtake the Bionix. The prosecution sought nine months’ jail, referring to precedents that included the , an NSF from the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) who died due to a ragging incident in May 2018. However, Ong’s lawyer, Mr Thrumurgan from Trident Law Corporation, argued that his client’s case could be distinguished from the SCDF one because Ong had made a “judgment call in the context of a dynamic environment”. “In the cold light of day, we can put all considerations together but then he was motivated by what he considered relevant — to move forward and see what was going on,” said Mr Thrumurgan, seeking three months’ jail for Ong. DPP Hay said that Ong had seen a particular danger and “totally ignored it for no good reason”. “He admitted he could not even see what was ahead of him. This is a basic and very fundamental tenet inculcated in SAF soldiers — safety is always an utmost priority in training,” said the prosecutor. At the time, the soldiers were wearing a helmet system which comes with a headset for communication. The prosecutor told the court that the system had not broken down and that intermittent interference happened not infrequently”, with witnesses testifying that the helmet was working during the exercise but static had occurred. He also argued that this fact was not relevant for sentencing purposes, which Mr Thrumurgan countered that it was - as the system was supposed to function, but did not. Nathaniel Ho, the Bionix commander, had earlier testified that he was not aware of any other vehicles on the dirt road before reversing the Bionix, and that Ong had not communicated his intention to overtake. District Judge Kaur said that the failure of the helmets communication system was indeed relevant for sentencing Ong, noting that unlike the SCDF case where ragging was a prohibited act, Ong’s decision to overtake the Bionix “was not in and of itself a prohibited act, and did not in and of itself carry a risk of death”. “Unlike (the other) cases where activities were prolonged, his decision was in the midst of a dynamic exercise and his motivation was to reposition his vehicle to keep observation. This does not justify the rash decision but it does put things into proper perspective,” she said. However, there was a significant risk of overtaking the Bionix without establishing communications, as there was an “obvious risk” that the Bionix had sighted an enemy vehicle during the field exercise. 
20220223_165637_nga_C000316_A000001	dailypost.ng	https://dailypost.ng/2022/02/24/world-war-iii-prepare-its-the-begining-fani-kayode-reacts-as-russia-attacks-ukraine/	NGA	Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has expressed worry as Russia attacks Ukraine. Fani-Kayode described Russia’s attack on Ukraine as the beginning. He said the world should be prepared for what will happen in the next few weeks. In a tweet, the former Minister said the world is closer to the final confrontation between NATO, Russia, China, and other world powers. According to Fani-Kayode: “The Russians have invaded Ukraine. It finally begins. “We are one step closer to the final confrontation between NATO on the one hand and Russia and China on the other. “The world needs to brace itself for what will unfold over the next few months. May God help us all.” Ukraine has been attacked by Russia through multiple borders, Ukrainian State border service reports. It said the attacks are targeting border units, border patrols and checkpoints using artillery, heavy equipment and small arms. The service added that Ukraine’s border guards, along with Ukraine’s Armed Forces and National Guard, are firing back and its air force shut down five Russian planes and several attack helicopters. 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000327_A000019	www.androidauthority.com	https://www.androidauthority.com/google-pixel-7-2-3117430/	GBR	Robert Triggs / Android AuthorityTL;DR Renders apparently showing the Pixel 7 have now leaked online. The images show a phone that looks very similar to its predecessor. We saw the first apparent renders surface online yesterday, showing a phone that looked very similar to the . What about the vanilla Pixel 7 though? Well, we didn’t have to wait long for these purported renders to leak online.Frequent leaker Steve Hemmerstoffer (better known as ) and have posted renders that apparently show the standard Pixel 7. And it looks very similar to the standard Pixel 6 as well. That means a distinctive rear camera visor and a center-mounted punch-hole cutout. Check out some of the images below. According to the leaker, the Pixel 7 measures 155.6 x 73.1 x 8.7mm (or 11.44 mm if you include the rear camera bump). That makes it slightly shorter, a little wider, and negligibly thinner than the Pixel 6. So those hoping for a compact Pixel flagship might be disappointed, but it’s still a little smaller than before. What do you think of the leaked Pixel 7 design?1476 votes There’s no word on specs just yet, but we can already see that Google is retaining a dual-rear camera setup for the Pixel 6. This will presumably be a main/ultrawide pairing as we saw on the previous phone. We’re also expecting a second-generation processor to power the devices.Otherwise, the renders show a power button and volume rocker on the right, a SIM tray on the left, USB-C port at the bottom, and a peculiar panel on the top. We’re guessing this is either cosmetic or related to a connectivity feature.What do you think of the Pixel 7’s leaked design? Let us know by voting in the poll above. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000336_A000023	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-10545265/Peter-Dinklage-wife-Erica-Schmidt-attend-screening-film-Cyrano-NYC.html	NAM	Peter Dinklage and his wife Erica Schmidt were every inch the picture-perfect couple as they joined a slew of stars for a screening of his romantic musical Cyrano in New York City, after collaborating on the original stage version in 2019.The Game Of Thrones star, who plays the title character Cyrano de Bergerac, hit the red carpet for the star-studded screening alongside his wife, who wrote the films screenplay based on her own stage adaptation of Edmond Rostands 1897 play. For the occasion, Peter cut a dapper figure in a dark blue three-piece suit, while his wife of more than 16 years opted for a loose-fitting black velvet dress.Promo mode: Peter Dinklage and his wife Erica Schmidt attended a special screening of the film version of Cyrano in New York City on WednesdayDinklage, 52, matched his blue suit with a white dress shirt, grey suede boots, and a purple tie, while continuing to sport a mustache and goatee combination While sharing the spotlight of the red carpet, the New Jersey native held Schmidt close, after joining forces for the big-screen adaptation of the musica.Eric, who married Peter in 2005, sported a glamorous loose-fitting black velvet gown with a simple V neck front, with her glossy auburn tresses swept back into a bun. Classy: The Game Of Thrones star was decked out in a dark blue three-piece suit, while his wife of more than 16 years opted for what appeared to be a black velvet dress. Debut: Cyrano is slated for a wide theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on February 25With productions like The Sorcerer, All The Fine Boys, as well as Cyrano on her resume, Schmidt, 46, has made a name for herself in the theatre world.Ericas musical adaptation of Edmond Rostands classic play tells the story of Cyrano de Bergerac (Dinklage) as he pines for the affections of the beautiful Roxanne (Haley Bennett), who has fallen in love with another man, Christian de Neuvillette (Kelvin Harrison Jr.). Though Cyrano understands that his social status and physical appearance will forever keep him apart from his love, he offers his skills as a gifted poet to Christian in an effort to bring him and Roxanne together. Star power: Cyrano stars Game Of Thrones Peter Dinklage as the title character in the musical romantic drama that the actor famously performed on stage in 2018 with his wife Erica SchmidtDirected by Joe Wright, whos best known for his work on Pride & Prejudice (2005), Atonement (2007), Hanna (2011), Anna Karenina (2012) and Darkest Hour (2017), Cyrano also stars Ben Mendelsohn, Bashir Salahuddin, Monica Dolan, Joshua James andRay Strachan.The film had its world premiere at the 48th Telluride Film Festival in September 2021, which was followed up by a one-week theatrical run in Los Angeles this past December.It has already garnered award nominations including a Best Motion Picture - Musical Or Comedy and Best Actor In A Motion Picture - Musical Or Comedy (Dinklage) at the 79th Golden Globe Awards, along with four nominations at the 75th British Academy Film Awards and a Best Costume Design nod at the 94th Academy Awards. Cyrano is slated for a wide theatrical release in both the U.S. and the UK on February 25. Stage to screen: The film had its world premiere at the 48th Telluride Film Festival in September 2021, which was followed up by a one-week theatrical run in Los Angeles this past December; Haley Bennett and Peter Dinklage picturedPeter was joined by a slew of other stars for the lavish screening event, including his co-star Haley Bennet, who stunned in a strapless black dress with a semi-sheer mesh split.The female lead of the recently-released feature contrasted the dark color of her clothing with a pair of baby blue high-heeled shoes.The performer kept a small red purse with her for the duration of the event and accessorised with several articles of jewellery.Star-studded: Peter was joined by a slew of other stars for the lavish screening event, including his co-star Haley Bennet, who stunned in a strapless black dress with a semi-sheer mesh split Stunner: Bennett sported a stunning strapless black dress that featured a sparkling cut-out portion Pop of color: The female lead of the recently-released feature contrasted the dark color of her clothing with a pair of baby blue high-heeled shoes Lovely locks: Her striking red hair remained free-flowing and cascaded onto her backside at the screeningSteffie Price donned an eye-catching black dress that showed off a slight portion of her stomach during the premiere.The blogger rocked a set of heeled shoes that matched the color of her clothing and her lovely blonde hair fell onto her shoulders and the nape of her neck.Harnaaz Sandhu opted for a black jacket worn on top of a matching set of wide-legged pants and a dark blue blouse.The model, who was previously crowned Miss Universe 2021, also sported a sash that denoted her title at the event. Baring it: Steffie Price donned an eye-catching black dress that showed off a slight portion of her stomach during the premiereMaking an appearance: The blogger rocked a set of heeled shoes that matched the color of her clothing and her lovely blonde hair fell onto her shoulders and the nape of her neck. Harnaaz Sandhu opted for a black jacket worn on top of a matching set of wide-legged pants and a dark blue blouse Making it clear: The model, who was previously crowned Miss Universe 2021, also sported a sash that denoted her title at the eventSteffie Price donned an eye-catching black dress that showed off a slight portion of her stomach during the premiere.The blogger rocked a set of heeled shoes that matched the color of her clothing and her lovely blonde hair fell onto her shoulders and the nape of her neck.Harnaaz Sandhu opted for a black jacket worn on top of a matching set of wide-legged pants and a dark blue blouse.The model, who was previously crowned Miss Universe 2021, also sported a sash that denoted her title at the event.Taking it easy: Scott Cohen kept it relatively casual in a button-up jacket worn on top of a dark gray shirt, and he stayed warm with a patterned scarf. Kelvin Harrison Jr contrasted a bright yellow turtleneck sweater with a stylish set of dark blue trousersScott Cohen kept it relatively casual in a button-up jacket worn on top of a dark gray shirt, and he stayed warm with a patterned scarf.The actor also rocked a slim-fitting pair of jeans and multicolored shoes while posing for a photo.Kelvin Harrison Jr contrasted a bright yellow turtleneck sweater with a stylish set of dark blue trousers. The Trial of the Chicago 7 cast member added an element of darkness to his outfit with a pair of leather shoes. Fresh kicks: The Trial of the Chicago 7 cast member added an element of darkness to his outfit with a pair of leather shoesChic: Larry Milstein was dressed in a graphic-printed button-up that stood out while he spent time at the star-studded screening. Warren Egypt Franklin sported a seafoam green sweater on top of a turtleneck sweaterLarry Milstein was dressed in a graphic-printed button-up that stood out while he spent time at the star-studded screening.The PRZM founder also donned a slim-fitting pair of jet-black pants and a set of light brown shoes.Warren Egypt Franklin sported a seafoam green sweater on top of a turtleneck sweater, teamed with black pants and an eye-catching set of heeled leather boots.Lovely: Tashiana Washington made an impression while rocking a flowing floral-printed dress at the event. Raquel Gerlani opted for a partially transparent black dress that featured a cutout portion on her right pant leg Making an impression: Maria Molino stood out while wearing an entirely-bright yellow outfit at the star-studded functionTashiana Washington made an impression while rocking a flowing floral-printed dress at the event, letting her bright red hair make a statement with the look. Raquel Gerlani opted for a partially transparent black dress that featured a cutout portion on her right pant leg, which she accessorised with a sparkling necklace and a set of bracelets at the screening. Maria Molino stood out while wearing an entirely-bright yellow outfit at the star-studded function. Keeping it consistent: Afiya Bennett opted for an all-white outfit that included a minidress and a matching pair of high-heeled shoesAfiya Bennett opted for an all-white outfit that included a minidress and a matching pair of high-heeled shoes.Monica Kim wore a multicolored dress that featured a white middle portion, and she rocked a set of light pink high-heeled shoes.Haley was notably seen with her partner and collaborator, Joe Wright, prior to the start of the screening. The happy couple was initially seen together in January of 2018, not long after the director split from his former wife, Anoushka Shankar.The pair kept their romance under wraps for several months before the actress went Instagram official with her partner that September.Bennett and Wright subsequently confirmed that they were expecting to bring a child into their lives that October, and she later gave birth to a daughter named Virginia Willow. Better together: Haley was notably seen with her partner and collaborator, Joe Wright, prior to the start of the screening Linking up: The happy couple was initially seen together in January of 2018, not long after the director split from his former wife, Anoushka Shankar 
20220223_165637_nam_C000336_A000030	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/sportsnews/article-10546611/Oleksandr-Zinchenko-attacks-Vladimir-Putin-Instagram-Russia-declared-war-Ukraine.html	NAM	Instagram were on Thursday night investigating censorship allegations after Oleksandr Zinchenko’s social media post attacking Russian president Vladimir Putin was removed.Manchester City’s Ukrainian defender uploaded a photo of Putin captioned: ‘I hope you die the most painful suffering death, creature,’ as Russia launched a full-scale invasion on his homeland. It was then alleged that Zinchenko’s swiftly deleted post had disappeared without his knowledge. Instagram confirmed to Sportsmail that they are looking into the claims. Zinchenko later joined a group of Ukrainian protesters outside Manchester Central Library on Thursday night. The 25-year-oldsaid on Tuesday that he cant stand back while the whole civilised world is concerned about my country and has again taken to social media on Thursday morning. Russia have launched all-out war on Ukraine with missiles and bombs, tanks rolling across the border from Belarus, troops parachuted down on eastern regions and explosions seen across the country after Putin personally gave the order for his forces to attack. Hundreds of Ukrainian troops were killed in early clashes, Kiev said, as the fight came to them on all fronts at a moments notice. Cruise missiles, guided bombs and GRAD rockets took out targets from east to west - aimed at airfields, military bases, ammo dumps, and command posts. It came after Putin gave an extraordinary early-morning address to the Russian nation - delivered during a UN meeting aimed at avoiding war - in which he declared a special military operation to de-militarise and de-Nazify Ukraine in what amounted to a outright declaration of war.The Russian strongman also issued a chilling warning to any country thinking of coming to Ukraines aid, vowing consequences greater than any you have faced in history. Oleksandr Zinchenko says he hopes Vladimir Putin suffers the most painful suffering death in a post that Instagram have since taken down, according to the Manchester City defender The Ukraine international said on Tuesday that he cant stand back while the whole civilised world is concerned about my country Putin is pictured in the early hours of Thursday morning declaring war on Ukraine, in what he termed a special military operation FLASHBACK: How UEFA ordered Ukraine to remove ‘political’ slogan from their Euro 2020 shirts UEFA sided with Russia and ordered Ukraine to remove a political slogan from their Euro 2020 football shirts.European footballs governing body said the message Glory to our Heroes, a rallying cry during the 2014 anti-Russia protests in Ukraine that is written inside the jersey, was clearly political in nature.Both sides immediately seized on the ruling, with the Ukrainian football association claiming it was in talks to reverse the decision, while Russia hailed it as a victory following its furious complaint after the jersey was unveiled on Sunday.Kremlin spokeswoman Maria Zakharova wrote: Sport is not a battlefield, rather it is a field for competition. Become sporting heroes and you will have glory. Do it that way and not with nationalist slogans.But Ukraines football chiefs told AFP that earlier UEFA had approved the new kit and every element of it, including the slogan. Russia sent a letter of complaint to UEFA over the yellow jersey which also features the outline of Ukraine including Crimea, which was annexed by Russia in 2014. Posted on 10 June 2021 Ukrainian President Zelensky has given his own address - delivered from home - in which he declared martial law and vowed to resist the Russian attack, come what may. Dont panic. We are strong. We are ready for everything. We will defeat everyone. Because we are Ukraine, he said. Underlining the gravity of the moment, Ukrainian Interior Ministry advisor Anton Herashchenko said: Starting today, the world has a new geopolitical reality. Either Ukraine and the world will stop the new Hitler now, or there will be a Third World War. Western leaders lined up to condemn Russias actions in the early hours, with security councils convened the world over to mount a response. Heavy sanctions are expected to follow, along with more shipments of military equipment to Ukraine - provided they can find a route in. Five Russian jets were reportedly shot out of the sky over the eastern Donbass region before Moscow boasted of taking out all anti-aircraft defences, giving them control of the skies. In an emotional message on Tuesday Zinchenko, who started his career at Russian club FC Ufa, said: The whole civilised world is worried about the situation in my country. I cant stay back and strive to put my point across. In the photo - my country. The country where I was born and raised. A country whose colours I defend in the international sports arena. A country that we try to glorify and develop. A country whose borders must remain inviolable. My country belongs to Ukrainians and no one will ever be able to appropriate it. We will not give up! Glory to Ukraine. Zinchenkos wife Vlada Shcheglovam who is a journalist, posted a photo of a pro-Ukraine rally in London on Wednesday night. This is not the first time Zinchenkos life has been affected by international conflict, after moving to Russia in his youth following the outbreak of the Donbas war. Zinchenkos wife Vlada Shcheglova (with the footballer, left) posted a photo of a pro-Ukraine rally in London on Wednesday night (right)The attack has come to Ukraine on all fronts, with bombs and missiles striking targets across the country, ground forces rolling in from Belarus, Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk, and paratroopers dropping on Kharkiv A huge explosion is seen at Vinnytsia military base, in central Ukraine, as the country comes under all-out attack by Russia An explosion lights up the night sky over Kiev in the early hours of Thursday, as Russia launched an all-out attack on Ukraine from north, south and east with bombs, cruise missiles and rockets raining from the skies The 25-year-old defender has scored eight goals in 48 appearances for his national side Ukraines football league is paused for a minimum of 30 DAYS after Russia president Vladimir Putin launched full-scale invasion of Ukraine and martial law was introduced overnight The Ukrainian has been paused for a minimum of 30 days after president launched a full-scale invasion of . The league was meant to restart on Friday following its winter break but the league confirmed via their official website that the start has been delayed after the introduction of martial law overnight by Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelenskyy. There will now be doubts whether Ukraines World Cup play-off match against Scotland in Glasgow will take place as planned on March 24, while the British government have already stated that St Petersburg should be removed as host of the Champions League final on May 28Russia have launched all-out war on Ukraine with missiles and bombs, tanks rolling across the border from Belarus, troops parachuted down on eastern regions and explosions seen across the country after Putin personally gave the order for his forces to attack. The Ukrainian Premier League has been paused for a minimum of 30 days after Russia president Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine (pic: Olympic Stadium, Kiev) The league was meant to restart on Friday following its winter break but the league confirmed via their official website that the start has been delayed after the introduction of martial lawHundreds of Ukrainian troops were killed in early clashes, Kiev said, as the fight came to them on all fronts at a moments notice. Cruise missiles, guided bombs and GRAD rockets took out targets from east to west - aimed at airfields, military bases, ammo dumps, and command posts.It came after Vladimir Putin gave an extraordinary early-morning address to the Russian nation - delivered during a UN meeting aimed at avoiding war - in which he declared a special military operation to de-militarise and de-Nazify Ukraine in what amounted to a outright declaration of war.The Russian strongman also issued a chilling warning to any country thinking of coming to Ukraines aid, vowing consequences greater than any you have faced in history. Chuhuiv military airfield in Kharkiv, north-east Ukraine, outskirts burns Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelenskyy has imposed martial law and urged his people to stay home and not panic The invasion marks the most concerted attempt to up-end world order since the end of the Cold War, and risks sparking the bloodies conflict in Europe since the end of the Second World War.Western leaders lined up to condemn Russias actions in the early hours, with security councils convened the world over to mount a response. Heavy sanctions are expected to follow, along with more shipments of military equipment - provided they can find a route in. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000336_A000032	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/milky-way-star-origin-revealed-study	NAM	By studying light from hundreds of thousands of stars in the Milky Way, scientists have revealed where the pieces that make up our galaxy came from. In a new study, scientists broke the light coming from 600,000 into spectra that determine the stars chemical composition. In doing this, they were able to reveal which groups of stars are at home in the and which are interlopers with other galactic origins. The Milky Way ate up lots of smaller galaxies but, until recently, we did not have enough evidence of that to say for sure, Sven Buder, an astrophysicist at the Australian National University in Canberra and lead author of the new study said . That’s because simple images of stars in our Milky Way look the same – whether they were born inside the galaxy or outside and then blended into the galaxy.Related: For some time, data from the European Space Agencys (ESA) showing the motion patterns of stars has indicated that there are many populations of stars in the Milky Way that were not born there. This data has shown that some groups of stars move in different directions than the rest, suggesting that they could have arrived from outside of the galaxy. Buder and his collaborators used the Anglo-Australian Telescope (AAT), a 13-foot (3.9-meter) optical telescope at the Australian Astronomical Observatory in Sydney, to split the light of those stars into a spectrum of individual colors. By studying these colorful spectra, scientists can see the differing chemical compositions of the observed stars. By scanning these stellar barcodes, we measured how abundant 30 elements, such as sodium, iron, magnesium, and manganese, were, and how they appeared in different concentrations depending on where the star was born, Buder said in the statement. Stars that originated in the Milky Way appear greener, the scientists said in the statement, while those from outside glow in yellower shades. The astronomers believe that understanding the origins of stellar populations in the Milky Way may help solve further mysteries of the galaxys structure and composition. The cataclysmic collisions that some billions of years ago mixed up the fledgling Milky Way with other may have pushed stars around in a way that we can still see today. Astronomers know that in the band of the Milky Way, which is visible in the night sky from Earth, older stars are separated from younger ones, but they have not yet figured out why.When we look at [the Milky Way], we are looking at two populations of stars, one much older than the other, said Buder. The old stars have moved so they look like they bulge out of the main plane of the Milky Way, while the younger stars form a much thinner band in the plane.He added that past galactic collisions could have been the cause why these two groups of stars are separated in this way.Although the Milky Way is our home galaxy, we still do not understand how it formed and evolved, he said. was published in the February issue of the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.Follow Tereza Pultarova on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter and on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220223_165637_irl_C000358_A000020	tech.hindustantimes.com	https://tech.hindustantimes.com/mobile/news/want-a-compact-iphone-should-you-go-for-iphone-13-mini-or-wait-for-iphone-se-3-find-out-71645680384789.html	IRL	If you like small sized iPhone devices, then which is your better bet: waiting for iPhone SE 3 or getting the iPhone 13 Mini now. Check it out With many rumors suggesting March 8 as the date for the launch of the much anticipated iPhone SE 3, there is a huge excitement among Apple enthusiasts. With the promise of 5G compatibility and improved features all around, fans of the cheaper SE series would definitely look to upgrade their existing model. However, the iPhone 13 Mini, which was released last year, is part of the flagship iPhone 13 series and will likely have more features than the SE variant. So, which compact iPhone is better? The answer to it is not as straightforward as you may think as both of them have their own strongholds. Further, while rumors have told us quite a lot about iPhone SE 3, there is much still unknown. But based on what we do know, this is how the two Apple smartphones will fare.iPhone SE 3 vs iPhone 13 Mini: Size mattersiPhone SE 3 and iPhone 13 Mini both are famous for their smaller and more compact size. But, which one gives you more? Well, according to rumors, iPhone SE 3 will retain the size of its predecessors, meaning most likely a 4.7-inch display. On the other hand, iPhone 13 Mini comes with a 5.4-inch display. However, if you thought the iPhone 13 Mini was a larger phone, you’d be mistaken. Even though Mini 13 has a larger display, it is actually shorter than iPhone SE 2020 with a height of 5.2-inch as opposed to SE 2020’s 5.5-inch. So, if iPhone SE 3 keeps the same size, then iPhone 13 Mini will lead the race in terms of both compactness as well as giving better screen to body ratio. Expectations from iPhone SE 3While that is the most important aspect for the comparison, it is still one aspect of the comparison. You should be aware of the other things the iPhone SE 3 might be bringing to the table. According to our of various rumors around iPhone SE 3, the smartphone can fall between the price of Rs. 30,000 - Rs. 45,000. The iPhone SE series is also chosen as the entry level iPhone, so most likely it will be priced lower than the iPhone 13 Mini.But the price is lesser as iPhone SE 3 may also have less features than the iPhone 13 Mini. One such case can be the camera. While not much is known about the details of the kind of camera the iPhone SE 3 may have, it is very unlikely to go beyond a single rear camera. Which means, iPhone 13 Mini will definitely have a better camera with its dual rear camera setup.Next, iPhone SE 3 may come equipped with A15 bionic chipset, which will put it on par with iPhone 13 Mini in terms of processor power. However, we are not sure that iPhone SE 3 will have the same RAM to back the processor like iPhone 13 Mini. Still given how optimized the chipset is, it should perform largely well. But will it be equal or better than iPhone 13 Mini? It is hard to say at the moment but if your concern is performance, you should wait till the launch of iPhone SE 3.While we do not have much details about the battery for the new iPhone SE 3, it should get a decent bump compared to the 1821 mAh battery of SE 2020. Our of iPhone 13 Mini gave us the impression that the smartphone with its 2,406 mAh battery could last an entire day with some leftover charge. In comparison, the iPhone SE 2020 was not able to last an entire day. Even with upgrades, it is hard for us to see a significant change over iPhone 13 Mini when it comes to battery life.The choice is not easy when not all the details are out for iPhone SE 3. However, there are certain areas where iPhone 13 Mini will likely lead the race based on the rumored information. But we would suggest, you should still wait out till the official launch of the smartphone and make a choice based on your preference, and which factors give you a better value. 
20220223_165637_phl_C000359_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/milky-way-star-origin-revealed-study	PHL	By studying light from hundreds of thousands of stars in the Milky Way, scientists have revealed where the pieces that make up our galaxy came from. In a new study, scientists broke the light coming from 600,000 into spectra that determine the stars chemical composition. In doing this, they were able to reveal which groups of stars are at home in the and which are interlopers with other galactic origins. The Milky Way ate up lots of smaller galaxies but, until recently, we did not have enough evidence of that to say for sure, Sven Buder, an astrophysicist at the Australian National University in Canberra and lead author of the new study said . That’s because simple images of stars in our Milky Way look the same – whether they were born inside the galaxy or outside and then blended into the galaxy.Related: For some time, data from the European Space Agencys (ESA) showing the motion patterns of stars has indicated that there are many populations of stars in the Milky Way that were not born there. This data has shown that some groups of stars move in different directions than the rest, suggesting that they could have arrived from outside of the galaxy. Buder and his collaborators used the Anglo-Australian Telescope (AAT), a 13-foot (3.9-meter) optical telescope at the Australian Astronomical Observatory in Sydney, to split the light of those stars into a spectrum of individual colors. By studying these colorful spectra, scientists can see the differing chemical compositions of the observed stars. By scanning these stellar barcodes, we measured how abundant 30 elements, such as sodium, iron, magnesium, and manganese, were, and how they appeared in different concentrations depending on where the star was born, Buder said in the statement. Stars that originated in the Milky Way appear greener, the scientists said in the statement, while those from outside glow in yellower shades. The astronomers believe that understanding the origins of stellar populations in the Milky Way may help solve further mysteries of the galaxys structure and composition. The cataclysmic collisions that some billions of years ago mixed up the fledgling Milky Way with other may have pushed stars around in a way that we can still see today. Astronomers know that in the band of the Milky Way, which is visible in the night sky from Earth, older stars are separated from younger ones, but they have not yet figured out why.When we look at [the Milky Way], we are looking at two populations of stars, one much older than the other, said Buder. The old stars have moved so they look like they bulge out of the main plane of the Milky Way, while the younger stars form a much thinner band in the plane.He added that past galactic collisions could have been the cause why these two groups of stars are separated in this way.Although the Milky Way is our home galaxy, we still do not understand how it formed and evolved, he said. was published in the February issue of the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.Follow Tereza Pultarova on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter and on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220223_165637_can_C000362_A000002	www.cp24.com	https://www.cp24.com/world/nato-agrees-to-beef-up-eastern-flank-over-ukraine-attack-1.5793891	CAN	BRUSSELS (AP) - NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned Thursday that the military alliance would defend every inch of its territory should Russia attack a member country, as he slammed Moscow for launching a brutal act of war on Ukraine. Russia launched a wide-ranging attack on its neighbor, hitting cities and bases with airstrikes or shelling. Ukraines government said Russian tanks and troops rolled across the border and accused Moscow of unleashing a “full-scale war.” Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting of NATO envoys, Stoltenberg said the 30-nation security alliance will continue to beef up its defenses on its eastern flank near Ukraine and Russia. He said U.S. President Joe Biden and his NATO counterparts will hold an online summit on Friday. “Russia has attacked Ukraine. This is a brutal act of war. Our thoughts are with the brave people of Ukraine,” Stoltenberg told reporters. “Peace in our continent has been shattered. We now have war in Europe, on a scale and of a type we thought belong to history.” “NATO is the strongest alliance in history, and make no mistake we will defend every ally against any attack on every inch of NATO territory,” he said at the organizations Brussels headquarters. “An attack on one ally will trigger a response from the whole alliance.” During the meeting, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania and Slovakia triggered urgent consultations under Article 4 of NATOs founding Washington Treaty. These are launched when “the territorial integrity, political independence or security of any of the (NATO) parties is threatened.” Stoltenberg said that NATO has decided to activate emergency planning to allow commanders to move forces more quickly. He spoke shortly after envoys to the trans-Atlantic alliance agreed to further beef up its land, sea and air forces on its eastern flank near Ukraine and Russia. “We have decided, in line with our defensive planning to protect all allies, to take additional steps to further strengthen deterrence and defense across the Alliance,” the ambassadors said in a statement. “Our measures are and remain preventive, proportionate and non-escalatory.” Lithuania declared a state of emergency in a decree signed by President Gitanas Nauseda in response to Russias attack. The Baltic countrys parliament was expected to approve the measure in an extraordinary session later Thursday. The measure, in effect until March 10, allows for a more flexible use of state reserve funds and increased border protection, giving border guards greater authorities to stop and search individuals and vehicles in border areas. NATO member Lithuania borders Russias Kaliningrad region to the southwest, Belarus to the east, Latvia to the north and Poland to the south. While some of NATOs 30 member countries are supplying arms, ammunition and other equipment to Ukraine, NATO as an organization isnt. It wont launch any military action in support of Ukraine, which is a close partner but has no prospect of joining. Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, however, said in a joint statement: “We would need to urgently provide Ukrainian people with weapons, ammunition and any other kind of military support to defend itself as well as economic, financial and political assistance and support, humanitarian aid.” “The most effective response to Russias aggression is unity,” Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas tweeted. “Russias widespread aggression is a threat to the entire world and to all NATO countries.” NATO began beefing up its defenses in northeastern Europe after Russia annexed Ukraines Crimean Peninsula in 2014. It has around 5,000 troops and equipment stationed there, but those forces have been beefed up with troops and equipment from several countries in recent months. A first step now could be to activate the NATO Response Force, which can number up to 40,000 troops. A quickly deployable land brigade that is part of the NRF - made up of around 5,000 troops and run by France alongside Germany, Poland, Portugal and Spain - is already on heightened alert. Some NATO members have also sent troops, aircraft and warships to the Black Sea region, near allies Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey. The Pentagon has also put up to 8,500 U.S. troops on heightened alert, so they will be prepared to deploy if needed to reassure other allies. Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen, Denmark and Jari Tanner in Helsinki, contributed to this report. 
20220223_165637_can_C000362_A000006	www.cheknews.ca	https://www.cheknews.ca/b-c-provincial-health-officer-health-minister-to-provide-update-on-covid-19-957467/	CAN	The B.C. government is finally making rapid COVID-19 antigen tests available to the broader community. On Wednesday, health officials announced that the general public will be able to get rapid tests free of charge at various pharmacies throughout the province beginning Friday. Availablity will start for those 70 years and over who are amongst those at highest risk of more severe illness from COVID-19. Younger age groups will become eligible in the coming days and weeks. Dr. Bonnie Henry, the provincial health officer, said Wednesday the rapid test kits are best suited for symptomatic individuals. “These tests are a tool that helps you determine what activities you can do if you have symptoms, that is when they are best used … they are a red light, not a green light,” she said. “If you have symptoms and you need to know if they are COVID, then these rapid tests are a really great way of doing that and then you need to isolate.” Henry said those who have symptoms but test negative on a rapid test, will still need to take precautions by staying away from others until better. Each rapid antigen test kit will contain five tests and in order to get them, individuals must present their BC Services Card at the pharmacy. There will be a limit of one kit per person within a 28-day period. Test kits can be picked up for a family member or someone else, but only the individual picking them up provides that person’s name, date of birth and BC Services Card. Adrian Dix, the province’s minister of health, stressed Wednesday that the rapid test kits are free. “There will be no costs to citizens for these tests. More than 865,000 have already been pre-positioned to a pharmacy distributor in which pharmacies can order and receive stocks,” he said. RELATED: B.C. health officials have faced repeated criticism over the past few months for not making rapid tests available to the general public, especially after other provinces began distributing them to their residents at the beginning of the Omicron wave. Throughout the pandemic, rapid tests — paid for by the federal government and provided to the provinces free of charge — have been made available to businesses for a fee, and to long-term care and assisted living facilities. Data obtained by showed that 539,510 tests were distributed to businesses across the province. Amid a surge of Omicron cases in late December, the province a new rapid test strategy that included making them available at COVID testing sites, K-12 schools and other settings but not to the broader public. On Wednesday, Dix said that the government had been distributing the rapid tests it had to key areas such as high priority populations and other settings. “The priorities have been the priorities that we have laid out over the last while. We have seen the distribution [of rapid tests] to those priorities as sufficient numbers of rapid tests come into place.” New data provided by the province shows, B.C. has received 22,242,902 as of Feb. 22 and distributed 14,843,222 of them, including more than 800,000 to businesses and organizations. There are also more than seven million tests on hand that have not been distributed. Dix said going forward, the rapid test strategy has been shifted to making them more available for at-home use. “We are developing new approaches and you are seeing that in evidence,” he said. RELATED: A previous version of this story is below B.C.’s top doctor and health minister will provide an update on COVID-19 Wednesday for the first time since Dr. Bonnie Henry and Adrian Dix will speak to media at 3 p.m. CHEK News will stream it live here, on TV and on . The update comes as the number of hospitalizations and people in intensive care due to COVID-19 is on the decline. On Tuesday, the province announced that there were 2,103 estimated new cases over the long weekend, 337 of which were in Island Health. Health officials also reported due to COVID over the Family Day long weekend. There are currently 688 people hospitalized with COVID-19 and 108 are in intensive care. Last week, the government lifted capacity limits for organized gatherings and indoor seated events like Canucks games, and lifted restrictions on dancing in bars and nightclubs. 
20220223_165637_can_C000362_A000008	www.sootoday.com	https://www.sootoday.com/local-news/adsb-paints-town-pink-on-pink-shirt-day7-photos-5094840	CAN	Algoma District School Board (ADSB) students and staff wore pink Wednesday in support of Pink Shirt Day. This year, ADSB created Pink Shirt Day lawn signs and distributed them to each one of its schools as well as to many community partners who chose to participate - including the City of Sault Ste. Marie and Sault Ste. Marie Police Services. We want to ‘Paint the Town Pink’ to promote good character, share that we respect diversity and stand up against bullying in a unique and visual way. Character building is a focus in ADSB schools all year long and wearing pink is one way we demonstrate that we are caring citizens,” said Fran Walsh, ADSB spokesperson in an email. Students and staff throughout the district recognized Pink Shirt Day with their T-shirts and took photos beside the lawn signs with their message of ‘Think Pink – Think Student Safety & Well-Being! 
20220223_165637_tza_C000365_A000022	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/24/22948808/ea-ceo-fifa-branding-andrew-wilson-comments	TZA	In newly-leaked comments, EA CEO Andrew Wilson has explained why the company is considering ending its licensing deal with FIFA. The comments come after it was reviewing its agreement with FIFA, and considering renaming the title of its popular soccer franchise. The comments, which are the CEO’s most candid remarks yet, were made in a company meeting last November and this week. Wilson suggested that EA feels its FIFA branding deal is unnecessarily restrictive, while not providing enough value to the company. “Basically, what we get from FIFA in a non-World Cup year is the four letters on the front of the box,” Wilson said. Although its FIFA deal gets EA access to the World Cup every four years, the company also has over 300 other licensing agreements which allow it to use the names and likenesses of players, teams, and leagues without needing a deal with FIFA. “They’ve precluded our ability to be able to branch into the areas that players want” Wilson suggested that in return the FIFA deal imposes restrictions on what EA can do with its games. It’s struggled to build game modes beyond 11v11 matches; to partner with other non-FIFA affiliated brands; or to “expand more deeply and broadly into the digital ecosystems around the fabric of football,” according to Wilson. Last year, the that EA is fighting with FIFA to be able to expand into other areas like showing highlights of real-world games, and offer digital items like NFTs. “FIFA is just the name on the box, but they’ve precluded our ability to be able to branch into the areas that players want,” Wilson said. EA did not immediately respond to The Verge’s request for comment. The NYT previously reported that the cost of the deal is also a key factor in EA and FIFA’s negotiations. FIFA reportedly wants more than double what it currently gets from EA, bringing the value of the deal to over $1 billion over four years. But EA’s CEO sought to play down the cost of the deal as the reason the company might walk away from it. “We don’t want to pay more money than this license is worth,” Wilson said. “But it’s not about that, it’s really about our ability to deliver games and experiences that our fans want, in a timely fashion.” According to the NYT, EA and FIFA’s current 10-year deal is set to expire after this year’s World Cup in Qatar, which is due to run between November 21st and December 18th. EA hasn’t officially announced what it might call its soccer games if it loses the rights to the FIFA name, but the NYT previously reported that it had trademarked the phrase EA Sports FC in the UK and EU in October. 
20220223_165637_tza_C000365_A000033	english.aawsat.com	https://english.aawsat.com/home/article/3493981/dog-kennel-hit-meteorite-sells-auction	TZA	A Christies auction of rare meteorites Wednesday sold a rock from space that narrowly missed a German Shepherd when it smashed into his kennel in Costa Rica. But the offer of the third-largest piece of Mars on Earth failed to make an impact at the auction houses annual sale of unusual meteorites, AFP said. The buyer paid $21,420 for the three-by-1.5 inch (eight-by-four centimeter) carbonaceous chondrite stone that landed in the garden of dog Rokys owners home in Aguas Zarcas in April 2019. The wood and tin doghouse itself, complete with a seven-inch hole marking where the meteorite punctured the roof, sold separately for $44,100, Christies said. That was much less than the pre-sale estimate of between $200,000 and $300,000. A bidder paid $189,000 for a chunk of lunar rock that was discovered in Morocco in 2007, below pre-sale estimates of up to $300,000. Another slice of the Moon -- found in the Sahara desert in Mauritania -- fetched $69,300 during the two-week online sale that ended Wednesday. It was a disappointing auction for Mars, though. The 20-pound (9.1 kg) Martian rock had been priced at between $500,000 and $800,000 but failed to find a buyer. 
20220223_165637_tza_C000365_A000035	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/offbeat/life-may-actually-flash-before-our-eyes-as-we-die-new-study-suggests-2787058	TZA	An accident provided the first-ever recording of a dying human brain (Representative Image)The first-ever recording of a dying brain has brought scientists closer to understanding what happens to the human brain as we die. A study published Tuesday in the journal suggests that life may actually flash in front of our eyes before death. The discovery was made quite by accident. According to , neuroscientists were measuring the brainwaves of an 87-year-old patient who had developed epilepsy - but when the patient suffered a heart attack during the process, it gave scientists an unexpected recording of a dying human brain. The recording revealed unexpected brain activity in the memory retrieval area, suggesting that we may recall our lives for one final time before we die. Dr Ajmal Zemmar, a co-author of the study, told BBC that in the 30 seconds before the patients brain stopped receiving blood, his brainwaves followed the same patterns as when we carry out high-cognitive demanding tasks, like concentrating, dreaming or recalling memories.This continued for 30 seconds after the patients heart stopped beating. This could possibly be a last recall of memories that weve experienced in life, and they replay through our brain in the last seconds before we die, Dr Zemmar speculated.He elaborated on the teams findings further and said: Just before and after the heart stopped working, we saw changes in a specific band of neural oscillations, so-called gamma oscillations, but also in others such as delta, theta, alpha, and beta oscillations.Through generating oscillations involved in memory retrieval, the brain may be playing a last recall of important life events just before we die, similar to the ones reported in near-death experiences, Dr Zemmar told . These findings challenge our understanding of when exactly life ends and generate important subsequent questions, such as those related to the timing of organ donation.Click for more 
20220223_165637_tza_C000365_A000037	www.livemint.com	https://www.livemint.com/science/health/covid-can-damage-testicles-lower-sex-drive-study-on-how-coronavirus-can-affect-fertility-among-men-11645695018789.html	TZA	COVID could damage testicles, lower sex drive and affect fertility among men, revealed a recent study by a group of scientists at the University of Hong Kong. The study was based on the testicular and other hormonal changes among hampsters infected by the coronavirus. Both Omicron and Delta can cause such complications, it also said. The hamsters infected by the virus showed a sharp drop in sperm count as well as serum testosterone just within 7 days. There was a reduction in the size and weight of the testicles, the study showed. Acute testicular inflammation, haemorrhage as well as the death of tissue in seminiferous tubules (responsible for sperm cell production) was also witnessed, it also revealed. “The virus can also lower sex drive, as well as subfertility among men. The study was led by Professor Yuen Kwok-yung and his team in HKU, as reported by South China Morning Post. The researchers also claimed that these changes - degeneration, inflammation as well as the death of testicular tissue - were seen within 7 days to 4 months after getting the infection. Both omicron and delta variant can cause these changes. However, such complications could be avoided with vaccination. Should you be worried? A recent Japanese lab study with hamsters had revealed that Omicron BA.2 can cause severe infections. However, while looking for severity signals in humans, in terms of the increase in risks of hospitalisation among the people who have been infected with BA.2 compared to BA.1, it has been observed that we are not seeing more severity among humans. Both sub-variants cause a similar level of severity. World Health Organisation (WHO) officials, these studies are very critical in looking for severity signals. But, the level of severity in the lab and the real world can be different. Similarly, for the study relating to how coronavirus affects fertility among humans, it is yet to be ascertained. Subscribe to Mint Newsletters * Enter a valid email * Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. 
20220223_165637_gha_C000370_A000006	www.ghanaweb.com	https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/business/Government-s-refusal-to-get-IMF-support-due-to-accountability-Economist-1476638	GHA	Business News of Thursday, 24 February 2022 Source: Renowned Economist, Nii Moi Thompson Government insists on E-Levy to fill revenue gaps Economist accuses government of shying away from IMF support IMF support to come with terms and conditions – Nii Thompson Renowned economist, Nii Moi Thompson, has accused government of shying away from seeking financial support from the International Monetary Fund. He believes the current administration is doing due to possible scrutiny of Ghana’s expenditure. Making his submission on Citi TV’s Point of View programme on Wednesday, February 23, the economist described government insistence on the Electronic Transaction Levy as ‘a last gap’ measure to sustain the economy. “It is simply mind-boggling the amount of money we have had before COVID and during COVID. They [IMF] are now lurking in the shadows waiting for us to go to them and the number of conditions that they are likely to put on the table, that is probably why our government is reluctant to go,” he was quoted by Citinewsroom. He continued, “If they [Government] were to go to the IMF, the IMF is going to insist on auditing COVID expenditures because they won’t come and give you money without looking at what you did wrong.” The renowned economist further opined that if government backs down and seeks assistance from the IMF, it may come with strict terms and conditions. “They may even insist that it be an outside audit company because of the way we treated the previous Auditor General,” Nii Moi Thompson added. Meanwhile, as part of efforts aimed at tackling the coronavirus pandemic, the World Bank has confirmed it granted Ghana US$430 million and US$1 billion in Special Drawing Rights from the IMF. 
20220223_165637_irl_C000375_A000022	www.creativebloq.com	https://www.creativebloq.com/news/psvr2-design	IRL	After months of teasing, Sony has finally unveiled the PS VR2 hardware in all its glory. The VR headset is slimmer and lighter than its predecessor and features a largely PS5-inspired (read: white) design. And our favourite visual touch from the consoles controller has made the leap to VR too.Along with the design, weve now been given our first proper look at the specs, and it seems Oculus, sorry, Meta (its going to take us a while to get used to that rebrand) might have reason to worry about PS VR2. Dont fancy waiting to find out who wins? Take a look at the best available now. The PS VR2 in all its glory (Image credit: Sony)Perhaps the most notable difference between the two headsets is the screen tech. While the Quest 2 is stuck with LCD, PS VR2 features OLED displays. Not only that, but the pixel per eye density is much greater, offering 2000 x 2040 per eye compared with the Quest 2s 1832 x 1920. PS VR2 also includes eye-tracking, which is found on neither the Quest 2 nor the original PS VR model. And then theres comfort. One of the most interesting design aspects of PS VR2 is the inclusion of a vent fan – which Sonys senior art director Yujin Morisawa calls his absolute favourite aspect of the headset in a .As for our absolute favourite aspect, well – were just happy that Sony decided to let the make the jump to the PS VR2. Similar to the thousands of tiny PlayStation symbols we added to the design of the PS5 console and DualSense controller, Sony says, we also included tiny PlayStation symbols to the front and back bands of the PS VR2 headset to add a comfortable feel for players to enjoy.(Image credit: Sony)From the to the , weve seen a few delightful gaming Easter eggs lately. Sony hasnt yet revealed the price or release date for the PS VR2, but as long as we know those tiny symbols are there, were sold.Read more: 
20220223_165637_usa_C000378_A000006	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/ukraines-zelenskiy-calls-citizens-fight-promises-weapons-2022-02-24/	USA	KYIV, Feb 24 (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy on Thursday called on all citizens who were ready to defend the country from Russian forces to come forward, saying Kyiv would issue weapons to everyone who wants them.Russia launched an all-out invasion of Ukraine by land, air and sea on Thursday, the biggest attack by one state against another in Europe since World War Two and confirmation of the worst fears of the West. Zelenskiy urged Russians to come out and protest against the war.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Natalia Zinets and Matthias Williams; Writing by Alexander Marrow Editing by Raissa KasolowskyOur Standards: 
20220223_165637_usa_C000378_A000008	www.foxnews.com	https://www.foxnews.com/politics/florida-senate-confirms-surgeon-general-who-opposes-school-mask-mandates	USA	Outkick founder Clay Travis joined Fox & Friends to discuss how Florida has responded to the pandemic as more Americans choose to vacation and live in the Sunshine State.NEWYou can now listen to Fox News articles! The Florida state Senate confirmed Gov. Ron DeSantis pick for surgeon general, Joseph A. Ladapo, who has vocally opposed mask mandates in schools, saying that data does not support such restrictions.The Senate voted 24-15 in favor of Ladapo late night. Democrats have opposed Ladapo because he refused to offer definitive answers about the efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines or the wearing of face masks, . The surgeon general has opposed vaccine mandates because the jabs have not been proven to prevent transmission, he said.In October, Ladapo mask mandates in schools, claiming that the data does not support such requirements.I want you guys to step back for a moment from what you hear sort of constantly on TV and just, very briefly in terms of the data that supports mask use in kids and mandates for masks in kids, it is very weak and thats a fact, Ladapo said at an event with Gov. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., in Brevard County. Florida Surgeon General Joseph Ladapo and Gov. Ron DeSantis at a news conference in West Palm Beach, Florida on Thursday, Jan. 6, 2022. (Joe Cavaretta/Sun Sentinel/Tribune News Service via Getty Images)Ladapo, whom DeSantis after the former surgeon general resigned, said that there is a substantial gap between the quality of the data out there supporting masking kids yielding any benefit for kids whatsoever, factual, and what were hearing from some of our public health leadership in other states and nationally.In Florida, were going to stay close to the data, the surgeon general, who graduated from Harvard Medical School, declared. And the data do not support any clinical benefit for children in schools with mask mandates. The highest quality data find no evidence of benefit, and were going to stick with that because thats what the data show.As a parent himself, Ladapo sympathized with the plight of parents who struggle with the mandates and how masks bother their children. Newly appointed state Surgeon General Dr. Joseph Ladapo speaks during a press conference at Neo City Academy in Kissimmee, Florida. (Paul Hennessy/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)Putting a mask, something on the face of your child, thats a parents decision, he declared. Its not a schools decision. Its not a school boards decision. Its not a governors decision. Its no one elses decision except for the parent, and parents are being placed in these impossible situations.Rep. Charlie Crist, D-Fla., a former governor and current candidate in the 2022 gubernatorial race against DeSantis, attacked Ladapo after the confirmation.BREAKING: DeSantis anti-vaxx Surgeon General nominee, Dr. Joseph Ladapo, was just confirmed as by the FL Senate, Crist . Floridians deserve our top doc to be a real medical professional, dedicated to serve and protect our citizens — and thats not Dr. Ladapo. Former Florida governor Charlie Crist. (2014 Getty Images) 
20220223_165637_usa_C000378_A000016	www.nytimes.com	https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/24/business/economy/stock-market-today.html	USA	Combined with the sanctions announced Thursday, Mr. Biden said, these measures “will so weaken” Russia that it will give Mr. Putin “some difficult decisions.”Mr. Putin has been pushing for more than a decade for Western recognition “of a Russian sphere of influence in the post-Soviet states,” and he may not stop unless he is forced to do so, Ms. Stent said in an online Council on Foreign Affairs conference on Wednesday.In anticipation of the new sanctions, bank stocks fell faster than the markets overall. Shares of European banks with the biggest Russian operations plunged: Raiffeisen of Austria fell 23 percent, while UniCredit of Italy fell 13.5 percent and Société Générale of France lost about 12 percent. In the United States, JPMorgan Chase fell about 2.8 percent and Citigroup slid 4 percent.Energy stocks fell on Thursday but they have been a bright spot for investors who have owned them in 2022. With a gain of more than 19 percent, energy is the only sector in the S&P 500 to be up for the year. Halliburton, Occidental Petroleum, Marathon Oil, Hess and Exxon Mobil are among the fossil fuel stocks that have gained more than 20 percent in 2022.Investors seeking safety in the market storm flocked to the usual havens — Treasury bonds and gold.“Treasuries provide protection in an environment like this,” said , chief economist of his own firm, Rosenberg Research, in Toronto. “I think recession risks are rising, and there has never been a recession in modern history where long-term Treasuries didn’t make you money.”Bond yields, which move in the opposite direction of prices, fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury, which was as high as 2.045 percent on Feb. 15, fell to 1.96 percent on Thursday.And gold, which was less than $1,770 an ounce in November, rose above $1,924 at one point in New York, before falling to $1,899. “Gold has always been one of the places you want to go in a crisis,” Mr. Rosenberg said.Reporting was contributed by Anton Troianovski, Austin Ramzy, William P. Davis and Jason Karaian. 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000380_A000009	www.newzimbabwe.com	https://www.newzimbabwe.com/o-level-exams-now-being-marked-at-gunpoint/	ZWE	By Leopold Munhende, Chief Reporter THE Zimbabwe Republic Police (ZRP) has deployed a team of heavily armed riot police officers at the Midlands State University (MSU) to keep a close eye on disgruntled examiners marking Zimbabwe Schools Examination Council (ZIMSEC) Ordinary Level scripts after skirmishes broke out there earlier this week. The examiners were protesting against non-payment of their allowances. One has since been arrested and seven have been chased away. Sources said the cops, brandishing AK47 riffles, batons and tear smoke equipment, have set up a 24hr camp on the premises and often make sporadic bursts into the marking rooms to threaten the examiners, whom they refer to as sellouts. This development has been confirmed to NewZimbabwe.com by the Progressive Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (PTUZ), Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZ) and sources within the university. PTUZ president Takavafira Zhou said the move could however backfire as examiners may decide to sabotage ZIMSEC because of the manner in which they have been treated. “Anti-riot officers are now camped there, they are forcing examiners to work and that will definitely impact the quality of results,” Zhou said “Examiners are obviously under a lot of stress and having officers to fear will further compound their problems.” The examiners, some of them elderly, were Tuesday rounded up after deciding to join striking teachers in the middle of their marking schedule. They cited incapacitation and failure by ZIMSEC to pay them allowances meant for their upkeep in Gweru. Seven of the examiners are said to have been dismissed after being identified as ring leaders. According to a source privy to developments, the examiners were even denied meal tickets as a form of punishment for their behaviour. “Armed police officers are manning some of the areas examiners are working from,” a source said. “They are being forced to mark and some of the police officers are even mocking them asking why they came in the first place. They say they have no right to strike since they had already agreed to mark the examinations. “At one point they were denied meal tickets as punishment for their decision to strike while some of the teachers have been labeled sellouts by the police.” The source added junior teachers had been at the forefront of the strike while seniors, most of whom are marking science subjects, accounts and woodwork chose to take a step back. Their decision to take a step back however did not save them from arrest and punishment. ZIMSEC promised examiners a US$25 daily allowance for those staying off campus and US$12 for those on campus but instead paid ZW$9,000 upon arrival to sustain them for 26 to 28 days. The amount paid translated to about US$2,50 per day. ARTUZ secretary general Robson Chere said ZIMSEC must accept that it is the one which is wrong and stop the ongoing commandeering of centres accommodated by examiners by the police. “These are professionals, they cannot be ordered to do their work by police officers being guided by ZIMSEC,” said Chere. ZIMSEC must do the honourable thing and pay examiners their dues, consider their grievances and take back all seven examiners it has fired on full pay since it is the one which is on the wrong here. it is the one which called in police to order examiners around like this,” he said. ZIMSEC spokesperson Nicholette Dlamini said everything was in order, denying any strike despite police having been called in. “There are no strikes that have been reported, everyone is at work. I am not aware of anyone who has stopped marking. We have sufficient markers at all our centres and they are currently marking,” she said. 
20220223_165637_idn_C000385_A000007	www.thejakartapost.com	https://www.thejakartapost.com/world/2022/02/24/indonesia-condemns-russian-attack-prepares-to-evacuate-citizens.html	IDN	Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. 
20220223_165637_phl_C000388_A000001	newsinfo.inquirer.net	https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1559515/in-photos-russian-invasion-of-ukraine	PHL	Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine on Thursday, forcing residents to flee for their lives and leaving at least 40 Ukrainian soldiers and 10 civilians dead. Russian air strikes hit military facilities across the country and ground forces moved in from the north, south and east, triggering condemnation from Western leaders and warnings of massive sanctions. The following are photos from across Moscow, Kyiv and other affected regions following the launch of Putin’s “special military operation” in Ukraine: A Ukrainian serviceman rides atop a military vehicle past Independence square in central Kyiv on February 24, 2022. AFP A family takes shelter in a metro station in Kyiv in the morning of February 24, 2022. AFP This photograph taken on February 23, 2022 shows the Ukrainian the flag fluttering above the dome of the parliament in Kyiv. AFP Ukrainian military vehicles move past Independence square in central Kyiv on February 24, 2022. AFP Smoke rises from a power plant after shelling outside the town of Schastia, near the eastern Ukraine city of Lugansk, on February 22, 2022, a day after Russia recognized east Ukraine’s separatist republics and ordered the Russian army to send troops there as “peacekeepers.” AFP Residents collect water from a well in the town of Schastia, near the eastern Ukraine city of Lugansk, on February 23, 2022, after the town’s pump stations were knocked out of power by shelling. AFP A religious woman holds a cross as she prays on Independence square in Kyiv in the morning of February 24, 2022. AFP A placard featuring an image of Russian President Vladimir Putin and reading “We are with him for the sovereignty of Russia! And you?” is seen left in front of the Russian State Duma building in central Moscow on February 24, 2022. AFP A woman holding a placard reading “No to war with Ukraine” stages a picket in Moscow on February 23, 2022. AFP A military cargo truck is pictured in central Kyiv in the morning on February 24, 2022.Air raid sirens rang out in downtown Kyiv today as cities across Ukraine were hit with what Ukrainian officials said were Russian missile strikes and artillery. AFP Police and security personnel inspect gather by the remains of a shell landed in a street in Kyiv on February 24, 2022. AFP Police and security personnel inspect the remains of a shell in a street in Kyiv on February 24, 2022. AFP People, some carrying bags and suitcases, walk at a metro station in Kyiv early on February 24, 2022. AFP An injured man stands by a vehicle of an Emmergency unit to receive medical assistance after bombings on the eastern Ukraine town of Chuguiv on February 24, 2022, as Russian armed forces are trying to invade Ukraine from several directions, using rocket systems and helicopters to attack Ukrainian position in the south, the border guard service said. AFP Russian honor guards attend the changing of guards ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier by the Kremlin Wall in downtown Moscow on February 24, 2022. AFP Firefighters work on a fire in a building after bombings on the eastern Ukraine town of Chuguiv on February 24, 2022, as Russian armed forces are trying to invade Ukraine from several directions, using rocket systems and helicopters to attack Ukrainian position in the south, the border guard service said. AFP Firefighters work on a fire on a building after bombings on the eastern Ukraine town of Chuguiv on February 24, 2022, as Russian armed forces are trying to invade Ukraine from several directions, using rocket systems and helicopters to attack Ukrainian position in the south, the border guard service said. AFP Black smoke rises from a military airport in Chuguyev near Kharkiv on February 24, 2022. AFP RELATED STORIES Subscribe to our daily newsletter Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000393_A000020	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/oppo_find_x5_pro_goes_official_with_improved_camera_display_battery_and_more-news-53281.php	IND	The Oppo Find X5 series arrives with notable improvements to image processing, battery tech and even build quality. The new series debuts with two similar phones, one vanilla and Pro model. We will focus on the here, the vanilla model is covered in a separate article. Like the Find X3 models, the X5 phones have two 50MP cameras (wide and ultrawide) based on the Sony IMX766 sensor (1/1.56”, 1.0 µm), however, the associated support hardware and processing algorithms have become more advanced. The 6nm MariSilicon X chip accounts for much of the improvements. It runs AI noise reduction and other image processing tasks. It enables 4K Ultra Night Video, which has less noise and better colors than typical night video. This mode is available with both the wide and ultra wide cameras. Oppo claims that its custom chip allows the phone to capture HDR video at 20-bits per channel, which translates to 120 dB dynamic range (four times greater than the Find X3 Pro). The advantage of 4K Ultra Night Video The Pro mode has the Hasselblad Natural Color Calibration feature, which relies on the new 13-channel color sensor (replacing the 5-channel sensor on the X3 generation). Also, Oppo is using a glass front element on the cameras, which improves color accuracy and reduces chromatic aberration. The legendary camera maker also helped develop the Master filters so you can add some style to your photos with a couple of taps. Oppo Find X5 Pro camera samples: Night shots • Hasselblad color calibration • Ultra wide camera Photo by National Geographic Photographer Joel Sartore, using expert mode (wide and ultra wide cam) The wide camera boasts a new 5-axis optical image stabilization system that combines lens and sensor shift tech, the first of its kind on mobile, says Oppo. It can correct hand-shaking up to 3° and is used for both photos and videos (electronic stabilization is used as well). As for the ultrawide camera, it only has 110° field of view, which isn’t all that wide (but its as much as the X3 Pro had). The telephoto camera didn’t get much love this generation, it seems to be the same with a 13MP sensor and 2x optical magnification (52mm) and 5x hybrid zoom. The selfie camera uses the custom Sony IMX709 sensor with RGBW sub-pixels. That white sub-pixel allows the sensor to capture 60% more light, but processing RGBW data is tricky, so that task is again handed off to the MariSilicon chip. Also, the camera defaults to 80° FoV but will switch to 90° automatically when it detects a group selfie. The 32 MP selfie camera (IMX709 sensor) defaults to 80° FoV, but has an automatic 90° group selfie mode Staying on the front of the new Oppo Find X5 Pro, there is a 6.7” AMOLED display with a variable refresh rate ranging from 1Hz to 120Hz. It is a 3,216 x 1,440 px LTPO panel with 10-bit color rendering and 100% coverage of the DCI-P3 color space. The touch sampling can hit 1,000Hz so tht the phone can react instantaneously. Oppo Find X5 Pro The display peaks at 1,300 nits of brightness, and offers 8,192 brightness levels so it can find the perfect brightness in any ambient conditions. Also, the display has been color calibrated at various brightness levels to ensure it remains picture perfect. The X5 Pro is rated IP68 for dust and water resistance as you would expect. The front of the phone is guarded by Gorilla Glass Victus, the back is ceramic, which is twice as strong as a glass panel. The phone is essentially the same size as the X3 Pro, however, the ceramic is heavier than glass and the whole device tips the scales at 218g (up from 193g). On the plus side ceramic has better heat conductivity than glass, which improves cooling. This is great for the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chipset, which has lots of power, but needs good cooling to maintain it. The phone arrives with ColorOS 12.1 out of the box, based on Android 12. The 0.1 update brings refined aesthetics and improved privacy and security features over ColorOS 12. Also new is the Multi-Screen Connect feature, which allows you to seamlessly switch between the phone and your Windows PC. Oppo managed to fit a larger battery inside the X5 Pro, 5,000 mAh (up from 4,500 mAh). It also improved charging speeds both with and without wires. The Pro phone supports 80W SuperVOOC, which does the 0-50% sprint in 12 minutes. Wireless charging got faster too with 50W AirVOOC, which can do a full charge in 47 minutes. Oppo Find X5 Pro: 80W SuperVOOC wired charging • 50W AirVOOC wireless charging We know what some of you think about fast charging and so does Oppo. This is where the Battery Health Engine comes in – it prolongs the battery’s longevity so that it will survive 1,600 charge cycles before it degrades to 80% capacity (that is significantly longer than a typical phone battery which drops to 80% after 800 cycles). Another feature that improves the battery’s longevity is the 3D graphene film that covers the charging coil and the motherboard. When using the 50W wireless charger, the phone stays 3° cooler compared to “some competitors”. A graphite film helps keep the display driver chip and the display itself cool. And for the Snapdragon chipset, there is a vapor chamber that is 75% larger than on the previous generation. The phone has stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos support. There is only one wired port, USB-C, wireless connectivity includes a “360° smart antenna” and two always-on power amps. This system has four antennas and the phone automatically switches to one wit the strongest signal. The Oppo Find X5 Pro has a ceramic back and it is available in Ceramic White and Glaze Black The Oppo Find X5 Pro is available for pre-order starting today, open sales will begin on March 14. It will be available in one configuration – 12GB of RAM and 256GB storage – with a €1,300 price tag. It will come in Ceramic White and Glaze Black. Oppo Find X5 Pro is available for pre-order now for €1,300, sales start on March 14 
20220223_165637_gha_C000399_A000038	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220224/Study-finds-two-doses-of-COVID-19-vaccines-were-insufficient-to-neutralize-the-SARS-CoV-2-Omicron-variant.aspx	GHA	In a recent study posted to the * preprint server, researchers determined the neutralization potency of sera from people vaccinated with Pfizers Comirnaty (BNT162b2), Modernas Spikevax (mRNA-1273), or AstraZenecas Vaxzevria (ChAdOx1) against the novel severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) Omicron variant. Study: . Image Credit: Kunal Mahto/Shutterstock Background SARS-CoV-2, the causal agent of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, has infected over 430 million individuals causing more than 5.9 million deaths worldwide. Globally, more than 10 billion COVID-19 vaccines have been administered so far. Vaccine-resource-rich nations have successfully immunized a vast majority of their eligible population. At the same time, low-income countries continue to face challenges with just 14.2 vaccines inoculated per 100 people in these nations. Although SARS-CoV-2 vaccines are highly effective in eliciting immune responses, they do not nullify the odds of contracting SARS-CoV-2. The emergence of mutant variants throughout the pandemic has exacerbated the current crisis as vaccine-breakthrough cases and reduced efficiency of vaccines against the mutant variants have been well documented. About five SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern (VOCs) are detected, namely, the Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Omicron variants. SARS-CoV-2 Omicron is the most mutated variant among other VOCs and is responsible for the recent exponential surge of COVID-19 infections. The study In the current study, researchers evaluated the neutralizing potency of sera from individuals vaccinated with BNT162b2, mRNA-1273, or ChAdOx1 vaccines against the Delta and Omicron VOCs in Australia. The assessment of their potential to neutralize these VOCs is crucial because one or more vaccines are being used in around 192 countries. The authors worked with three isolates of SARS-CoV-2 - VIC31 (as a reference strain) with the D614G mutation, Delta, and Omicron VOCs propagating them in Vero E6 cells to obtain viral stocks. Blood samples were obtained from healthy vaccinated subjects aged 25 to 70 years who received either of the three vaccines. Human blood specimens were collected at four timepoints - first on the day of vaccination (baseline; pre-first dose), second and third after two weeks (2wk-second dose), and six months (6mo-second dose) post double vaccine dose. The fourth specimen was collected exclusively from Pfizer vaccinees two weeks after the third dose (2wk-third dose). Virus neutralization assays (VNT) were performed using Vero E6 cells. The researchers constructed in silico models of the Omicron (BA.1.1) and simulated for over 200 nanoseconds (ns). Findings The median age of the ChAdOx1 recipients was 57.5 years, relatively higher than 33 years for Comirnaty and 38.5 years for the Spikevax vaccinees because the AstraZeneca vaccine is used in people above 60 years due to the concerns of thrombotic thrombocytopenia syndrome (TTS) in the younger population. Sera samples (6mo-second dose) from Comirnaty recipients showed an 8.2- and 5.5-fold reduction in neutralizing titers (NT50) against VIC31 and Delta strains, respectively, when compared to 2wk-second dose specimens. After administering a third dose of BNT162b2, sera (2wk-third dose) specimens demonstrated a 25.5- and 24.7-fold increase in NT50 titers against VIC31 and Delta isolates, respectively, when compared to 6mo-second dose samples. No significant differences in NT50 titers were observed for 2wk-second dose specimens from Comirnaty and Spikevax recipients. Two weeks and six months post-second vaccination, the average NT50 titers were below the detection limit (LoD) for most Comirnaty samples (just four out of 15 samples had quantifiable titers), but they increased after the third dose. Conclusions The study findings demonstrated that two doses of any of the vaccines tested were insufficient to neutralize the Omicron variant. Notably, the vaccine-induced protection is considerably lower after six months of the second Comirnaty dose, indicating significant waning over time. Interestingly, all vaccines based on the ancestral strain of SARS-CoV-2 were ineffective in neutralizing the Omicron variant, and the NT50 titers were below the LoD for all samples of BNT162b2 recipients at six months after the second dose. However, a third Comirnaty dose produced a booster effect demonstrating quantifiable NT50 titers two weeks post-boosting. Several factors limit the study findings: No 6mo-second dose samples were available for individuals vaccinated with either Spikevax or Vaxzevria vaccine. Booster dose specimens were present for only Comirnaty vaccinees. These limitations were primarily because the AstraZeneca vaccine was limited to older people, and Spikevax was introduced in August 2021 in Australia. Based on the observations made in this study, it is imperative to note that two doses of vaccines made to imitate the Spike protein of the wildtype SARS-CoV-2 are inadequate to neutralize the highly mutant Omicron variant and that the third dose could be effective to boost the immune system. *Important notice medRxiv publishes preliminary scientific reports that are not peer-reviewed and, therefore, should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or treated as established information 
20220223_165637_idn_C000400_A000002	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/23/politics/biden-russia-ukraine/index.html	IDN	The US and allies are planning on Thursday to trigger the full scale of the sanctions that have been discussed over the last several weeks in response to the attack, according to a senior Biden administration official.President Putin has chosen a premeditated war that will bring a catastrophic loss of life and human suffering, Biden said. Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction this attack will bring, and the United States and its Allies and partners will respond in a united and decisive way. The world will hold Russia accountable.The White House statement came in response to explosions across Ukraine, including in the capital of Kyiv. Shortly before the explosions began, Russian President Vladmir Putin announced a special military operation and called for Ukraines demilitarization in televised remarks.An adviser for the interior minister of Ukraine, Anton Gerashchenko, said Russias invasion has begun with missile strikes on Kyiv, in an official WhatsApp group with journalists.The early assessment from the US is that this is the start of the full Russian invasion, according to a senior US official familiar with the latest US intelligence. The source said the belief is that the explosions heard near Kyiv and Odessa are likely missiles, while those around Kharkiv in eastern Ukraine are likely artillery, given the proximity to the border.Biden held a secure call with members of his national security team from the White House Wednesday evening, White House press secretary Jen Psaki . Biden was joined by Secretary of State Antony Blinken, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley and national security adviser Jake Sullivan, she said.Biden also spoke by phone with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. In a statement on the call, Biden said he briefed Zelensky on the steps we are taking to rally international condemnation, including tonight at the United Nations Security Council. He asked me to call on the leaders of the world to speak out clearly against President Putins flagrant aggression, and to stand with the people of Ukraine, Biden said.In an address Thursday morning in Ukraine, Zelensky said he was introducing martial law across the country and urged Ukrainians to remain calm.No panic. We are strong. We are ready for everything, he said. We will win over everybody because we are Ukraine.Biden said that he planned to speak to his G-7 counterparts and would give a speech to the American people on Thursday. He said he intended to announce further consequences that the US and its allies planned to impose on Russia over this needless act of aggression against Ukraine and global peace and security.We will also coordinate with our NATO Allies to ensure a strong, united response that deters any aggression against the Alliance, Biden said.While the administration official declined to lay out specifics, the US has planned to target Russias two largest banks, as well as other financial firms, and has prepared to deploy export controls to cut off Russian access to critical Western technology for entire Russian economic sectors.Additional members of Putins inner circle and their families are also likely to be targeted.Discussions were ongoing late Wednesday evening between US and European officials about the final shape of the package, the official said. It will also be a topic of discussion at the virtual G-7 meeting that has been scheduled, the official said.US officials remain on high alert for any cyber activity against key domestic targets including banks and critical infrastructure, the official said.Bidens national security team plans to brief the House and Senate in separate, unclassified phone calls Thursday on the situation in Ukraine. Lawmakers from both parties roundly condemned Russias actions in statements Wednesday and called for the US to ramp up sanctions against Moscow.UN meeting as explosions beginThe UN Security Council held an emergency meeting on Wednesday evening in New York -- offering a remarkable split screen as the diplomats delivered speeches at the same time Putins speech aired on Russian television and the explosions began in Ukraine. Ukraines Ambassador to the United Nations Sergiy Kyslytsya directly questioned Russias representative in his speech.About 48 minutes ago, your President declared war on Ukraine, Kyslytsya said. You declared the war. It is the responsibility of this body to stop the war.US Ambassador to the UN Linda Thomas-Greenfield spoke for a second time as the UN meeting was nearing an end, stating Putin had delivered a message of war while the Security Council was meeting. She said the US would introduce a resolution in the UN on Thursday.At the exact time as we are gathered in the Council seeking peace, Putin delivered a message of war in total disdain for the responsibility of this council, Thomas-Greenfield said.As the final speaker of the meeting, Kyslytsya turned his attention again to Russias UN ambassador, Vasily Nebenzya, who was acting as president of the Security Council.I welcome the decision of some members of this council to meet as soon as possible to consider the necessary decision that would condemn the aggression that you launch on my people, Kyslytsya said. There is no purgatory for war criminals. They go straight to hell, Ambassador.Nebenzya shot back by claiming Moscow wasnt being aggressive against the Ukrainian people but against the junta in power in Kyiv, before hastily gaveling an end to the UN meeting.CORRECTION: This story has been updated to correctly identify the Ukrainian ambassador to the UN.CNNs Jim Sciutto, Kaitlan Collins, Kevin Liptak, Jennifer Hansler, Manu Raju, Carolyn Sung and Mirna Alsharif contributed to this report. 
20220223_165637_idn_C000400_A000020	www.mirror.co.uk	https://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/thiago-reaction-matip-liverpool-leeds-26316360	IDN	Joel Matip scored his first goal of the season for Liverpool as they put six past Leeds United, and visiting manager Marcelo Bielsa was clear in his assessment of the Anfield displayVideo LoadingVideo UnavailableThe video will auto-play soon8CancelPlay nowIn pictures: Liverpool v LeedsLiverpool piled more relegation worries on Leeds United with a comprehensive 6-0 victory at Anfield, and Joel Matips goal was one of the highlights. Leeds boss admitted runs from central defenders represented a problem after the former Schalke defender tucked away the Reds second of the night and Virgil van Dijk also found the net late on, with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane sharing the other four goals between them.. Matips goal was his first of the season, and only his second since August 2019, with the effort helping Jurgen Klopps side close to within three points of leaders . On an evening where , others made sure Thiagos reaction to his teammates first-half strike didnt go unnoticed. Will Liverpool haul in Man City and win the league? Have your say in the Matips goal was his first of the season ( Image: REUTERS) “The problem of opposing centre-backs driving forward has become very evident,” Bielsa said after the game. “The solution is very clear. When a centre-back drives with the ball he passes the height of the wingers on the side that he goes up, then the central attackers and defensive midfielders and eventually they come up against our free man who is often a centre-back. “There are spaces were we can recover the ball but it’s clear that’s a problem I haven’t been able to resolve.” Matips goal was a special one, with the defender making a late run into the box and confidently beating Illan Meslier. Thiago knows a thing or two about impressive goals himself, though, having delivered in their group stage victory over Porto. After seeing Matip get himself on the scoresheet, the Spain international couldnt hide his astonishment, raising his arms in disbelief as a huge smile broke out across his face. The way Leeds defend, it gives, especially Joel on that right side, the chance and it is a duty then to step in, to make yards, Klopp said of the Cameroonians strike. There will always be the block and you have to find a way to keep the game going and he did that this time with a pass to the outside and then followed through, which is absolutely great. Then he finished it off. It’s not possible in all games – and not needed in all games – but against Leeds it’s possible and against Leeds it’s needed as well. He did that very well and got the full reward for it. I am really happy for him. Thiago couldnt hide his reaction to Joel Matips goal amid Marcelo Bielsa admission While Liverpools win leaves their fate in their own hands as far as the title race is concerned, Klopp is not thinking about that right now, with the Reds next two games coming in the Carabao Cup final and fifth round. We have 10 days until we play the next league game and we have two games in-between in completely different competitions, Klopp told . One is a final and the other I dont even know, a quarter-final or a last 16 and they will be different games and we have to be ready for them as well. 
20220223_165637_idn_C000400_A000021	www.football365.com	https://www.football365.com/news/man-utd-must-show-a-different-face-in-second-leg-vs-atletico-telles	IDN	Alex Telles believes Man Utd must “show a different face” if they are to progress to the Champions League quarter-finals after their first-leg 1-1 draw at Atletico Madrid. Ralf Rangnick’s side struggled in Spain for much of the last-16 first leg against Diego Simeone’s side, with Joao Felix’s fine header putting the hosts ahead at a rocking Wanda Metropolitano. United floundered and their first Champions League knockout match in three years looked set to end in defeat, only for Elanga to score with their first shot on target shortly after coming on. on a night that fellow substitute Telles knows was not good enough. “It’s obvious that the feeling is not the best because we wanted a win, actually,” the Brazil international said. “But we are coming out of here with a great result. A good result for Old Trafford for the second leg. “We know we are very strong at home. We need to prepare this game even better in order to try and get through to the next round. “We are Manchester United players and we have to be the best all the time. We know of the greatness of the club. “We know that the first half we didn’t play a proper Manchester United first half, so we knew that we had to be better in the second half. “We are not entirely happy about the result but we know we’re coming out of here with a result that (means) we can actually go back to Old Trafford and win and go through to the next stage. “But we know we have to show a different face in the second leg if we want to win.” were well below par for much of Wednesday’s first leg, lacking creativity and drive in possession until Elanga saved the day Rangnick was full of praise for the 19-year-old after his impact off the bench in the Spanish capital, saying that some of his team-mates would do well to take a leaf out of the forward’s book. “Anthony is a great kid,” team-mate Telles said. “He’s always ready to learn. He’s got impressive quality and the most important thing is that he’s always ready, always willing to learn. “He knows about his quality, he knows how far he can get. “I’m really happy about him because he came off the bench and made a big impact on the game and obviously got his goal.” Elanga’s goal silenced the raucous Madrid support, who had the Metropolitano shaking to its foundations when Felix met Renan Lodi’s cross with a bullet header inside seven minutes. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000425_A000034	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/superhabitable-planets	BWA	A superhabitable planet is a world that might have an even better chance at hosting life than our own home, Earth. Because Earth is the only known inhabited planet and its life depends on liquid water, efforts to identify that could host life focus on Earth-like worlds. But some researchers think there are other types of planets that could offer conditions for life as good as — or even better than — . In fact, some scientists argue that focusing only on Earth-like worlds might be too anthropocentric and geocentric, blinding us to the possibilities of exobiology.We are so over-focused on finding a mirror image of Earth that we may overlook a planet that is even more well-suited for life, Dirk Schulze-Makuch, an astrobiologist at Washington State University and the Technical University of Berlin, told Space.com. How do scientists look for superhabitable planets?To search for potentially superhabitable exoplanets, Schulze-Makuch and his team investigated the Kepler Object of Interest Exoplanet Archive, focusing on 4,500 planetary systems that likely possessed rocky planets within their  habitable zones, where liquid water can persist. The researchers published their findings in a 2020 paper in the journal .In addition to looking at planetary systems with yellow dwarf stars like our , the scientists also looked at orange dwarf stars, which are cooler, dimmer and less massive than our sun. Our sun is actually not the best kind of star for hosting a planet with lots of life on it, Schulze-Makuch told Space.com.Orange dwarf stars are about 50% more common than yellow dwarfs in the . Whereas our sun has a lifetime estimated at less than 10 billion years, orange dwarfs have lifetimes of 20 billion to 70 billion years. Since complex life took about 3.5 billion years to appear on Earth, the longer lifetimes of orange dwarf stars could give planets within their habitable zones more time to develop life and accrue biodiversity. Earth is about 4.5 billion years old, so the researchers speculated the sweet spot for life would be a planet between 5 billion to 8 billion years old.The size and mass of a planet can also influence how well it can support life, the researchers wrote. A rocky planet that is larger than Earth would have more habitable surface area, and potentially a thicker, more stable atmosphere. A planet with about 1.5 times Earths mass would likely retain its interior heat longer, which in turn would help keep its core molten and its protective magnetic field active for a greater timespan in which life might have the chance to arise and evolve. Worlds that are slightly warmer than Earth by about 8 degrees Fahrenheit (5 degrees Celsius) might be superhabitable, since they could have larger tropical zones which on Earth foster more biodiversity. However, warmer planets might also need more moisture, since greater heat could expand deserts.In addition, planets with the same amount of land area as Earth but broken up into smaller continents might be more habitable. When continents become particularly large (such as Earths past continent Gondwana, about 500 million years ago), their centers are far from oceans, often rendering the interiors of large continents vast, inhospitable deserts. Moreover, Earths shallow waters have a greater biodiversity than its deep oceans, so scientists speculate that planets with shallower waters could support more life.What are some superhabitable planets?All in all, Schulze-Makuch and team identified 24 potentially superhabitable planets. None of these worlds met all the criteria the researchers drew up for superhabitable planets, but one did meet at least two — KOI 5715.01. KOI (Kepler Object of Interest) 5725.01 is a planet about 5.5 billion years old and 1.8 to 2.4 times Earths diameter orbiting an orange dwarf about 2,965 light-years away. It might have an average surface temperature about 4.3 degrees F (2.4 degrees C) cooler than that of Earth, but if it has more greenhouse gases than Earth to trap heat, it might be superhabitable, the researchers wrote.Schulze-Makuchs own favorite potentially superhabitable world from these 24 was KOI 5554.01. This planet is about 6.5 billion years old, with a diameter 0.72 to 1.29 times that of Earth, orbiting a yellow dwarf about 700 light-years from Earth. I really liked the average surface temperature — about 27 degrees C [80 degrees F], Schulze-Makuch said. And its probably about Earths size, and a little bit older than Earth.All 24 of these potentially superhabitable planets are more than 100 light-years from Earth. This makes them too far for NASAs (TESS) spacecraft to capture high-quality images from to learn more about them. Still, Schulze-Makuch noted that future spacecraft, such as the newly launched , NASAs LUVOIR space observatory mission concept and the European Space Agencys PLATO space telescope, could shed light on these worlds.We caution that while we search for superhabitable planets, that doesnt mean that they necessarily contain life, Schulze-Makuch said. A planet can be habitable or superhabitable but uninhabited.Additional resources and readingIf youre thrilled by the idea of exoplanets, poke around the yourself! If you want to read more about how different and bizarre other planets might be, dive in to astronomer Michael Summers and physicist James Trefils 2017 book . And for anyone looking to dream about living on another world, get lost in this about becoming — and thriving as — an extraterrestrial.Bibliography 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000431_A000010	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/feb/24/roman-abramovich-linked-to-russian-state-and-corrupt-activity-mp-says	GBR	The Chelsea owner, , was identified by the Home Office in 2019 as having links to the Russian state as well as to “corrupt activity and practices”, a Labour MP has told parliament, suggesting the UK should seize his assets and bar him from owning the football club.Chris Bryant told MPs he was quoting from a Home Office document leaked to him, and asked why nothing more had been done about Abramovich’s UK assets given this official verdict.Raising the issue of tier 1 visas, the sort held by Abramovich, which allow very rich people to invest in the UK, Bryant directly quoted a section of what he said was the Home Office document.“I’ve got hold of a leaked document from 2019, from the Home Office, which says in relation to Mr Abramovich: ‘As part of HMG’s [Her Majesty’s government] strategy aimed at targeting illicit finance and malign activity, Abramovich remains of interest to HMG due to his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices,’” Bryant told the Commons.He went on, still quoting the document: “‘An example of this is Abramovich admitting in court proceedings that he paid for political influence. Therefore HMG is focused on ensuring individuals linked to illicit finance and malign activity are unable to base themselves in the UK, and will use the relevant tools at its disposal, including immigration powers, to prevent this.’”Bryant added: “That’s nearly three years ago. And yet remarkably little has been done. Surely Mr Abramovich should no longer be able to own a football club in this country? Surely we should be looking at seizing some of his assets, including his Ł150m home, and making sure that other people who have had tier 1 visas like this are not engaged in malign activity in the UK?”Abramovich, who made his fortune acquiring newly privatised Russian oil assets following the end of the Soviet Union, bought Chelsea in 2003 and has put enormous sums into the club.In 2018 he withdrew his application for a new UK investor visa, amid worsening links between the UK and Russia. Abramovich has an Israeli passport and has since travelled to the UK using that.A week ago it was ending the tier 1 visa system over concerns it allowed people to invest “dirty money” in the UK.On Tuesday, speaking to the Commons as he announced a first wave of measures against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine, Boris Johnson said Abramovich was “already facing sanctions” because of links to the Russian state. However, the prime minister had made an error, and formally corrected the record.Abramovich has vehemently disputed reports suggesting his alleged closeness to Vladimir Putin and Russia or that he has done anything to merit sanctions being imposed against him.Bryant cannot be sued for quoting the report and its claims about Abramovich, as statements in the Commons are protected by parliamentary privilege.Abramovich’s representatives were contacted for comment. 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000431_A000011	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2022/feb/24/tycoons-son-sentenced-to-death-in-pakistan-in-and-case	GBR	A court in Islamabad has sentenced to death the tycoon’s son who raped and murdered Noor Mukadam, a case that sparked outrage in .Mukadam, 27, the daughter of a former Pakistani diplomat, was held captive, tortured and beheaded by Zahir Jaffer, a member of a well-known industrialist family.Jaffer, 30, a Pakistani-American citizen, is thought to have attacked Mukadam after she refused his marriage proposal. Two household employees of Jaffer, a guard and a gardener, were both sentenced to 10 years for abetting the murder. The court heard they had blocked the young woman’s attempts to leave the luxury mansion. Jaffer’s parents, who had faced charges in connection with covering up the killing, were acquitted by the court.After a lengthy trial that began in October, Judge Ata Rabbani on Thursday sentenced Jaffer to be hanged.Shaukat Ali Mukadam, Noor’s father, said the verdict was a “victory for justice” and thanked the media for keeping the matter alive.“Today, an exemplary punishment has been given to the main accused. Today, my daughter’s soul will be content to some extent. We are happy as far as the principal accused is concerned,” he told reporters outside the courtroom.Prosecution lawyer Shah Khawar said: “Justice has been served, and today’s verdict will empower Pakistani women at large. We will challenge the acquittal of his parents at the higher court.”The murder, and the efforts to protect the wealthy killer, had caused outrage in Pakistan where, despite high rates of , there are low conviction rates, with most perpetrators going uncharged.According to , a rights group providing free legal representation for marginalised groups in Pakistan, the conviction rate for cases of violence against women is less than 3%.Rights groups hailed the verdict and called for the higher courts to maintain the decision in the face of any appeal.“Justice has been served today. We demand the higher courts will maintain the sentence and dismiss Jaffer’s appeal,” said Farzana Bari, a women’s rights activist.A by Human Rights Watch (HRW) said: “Violence against women and girls – including rape, murder, acid attacks, domestic violence, and forced marriage – is endemic throughout Pakistan. Human rights defenders estimate that roughly 1,000 women are killed in so-called ‘honour’ killings every year.”Jaffer, who can appeal against the verdict, was thrown out of the court several times during his trial for his behaviour, and his lawyers frequently carried him to proceedings in a wheelchair or stretcher to show he was not “mentally sound”. Information and support for anyone affected by rape or sexual abuse issues is available from the following organisations. In the UK, offers support on 0808 802 9999 in England and Wales, 0808 801 0302 in , or 0800 0246 991 in . In the US, offers support on 800-656-4673. In Australia, support is available at (1800 737 732). Other international helplines can be found at 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000440_A000018	www.straitstimes.com	https://www.straitstimes.com/life/socialite-kim-lim-and-fiance-tie-the-knot-on-22222	SGP	The daughter of billionaire Peter Lim donned an all-white Vera Wang wedding gown on Tuesday. She also wore a custom-made traditional gown while her fiance wore a custom-made robe, according to an exclusive report by Chinese fashion and lifestyle magazine Icon on its website. During the tea ceremony, the 30-year-old bride wept when her father gave a hongbao (red packet) after drinking a cup of tea offered by his son-in-law. It contained a $10,000 banknote, which Singapore has stopped issuing in 2014, and a handwritten note by Mr Lim. Dear Hwee & Leslie, this special note has followed pa for a very long time and overcame many difficult years. Treasure it. All the best wishes for the future, he wrote. 
20220223_165637_gha_C000441_A000019	www.techradar.com	https://www.techradar.com/news/vodafone-is-making-it-easier-to-repair-refurbish-and-recycle-your-mobile-phone	GHA	Vodafone has detailed a series of initiatives that will make it easier for European customers to repair, reuse, and recycle their mobile devices in order to save money and reduce their environmental impact.The operator says it already offers trade-in and repair programmes in several markets but wants to adopt to a consistent approach across the continent. A new digital platform will simplify the process of agreeing a trade-in, while customers will also be offered insurance, fast repairs, and the ability to responsibly dispose of devices they no longer need.On top of this, the company will also offer a range of high-quality refurbished devices in its retail stores thanks to a new partnership with Recommerce.Vodafone circular economy“Vodafone has a leading role to play in developing and driving a circular economy for mobile devices that significantly reduces their impact on the environment,” said Alex Froment-Curtil, Vodafone Group COO. “We are pioneering a comprehensive, digital offering that makes it easier for our customers to extend the life of their current smartphone, or to buy and own a refurbished device.”Cost and environmental concerns are , with consumers eager to recycle their devices and get money off a new one or hoping to get new technology for a lower price. Meanwhile, recent supply issues and the increasing average sale price (ASP) of premium handsets is fuelling demand for cheaper, older technology.“Keeping a phone handset for an extra year can reduce its lifetime CO2e impact by up to 29%. Purchasing a refurbished smartphone saves around 50 Kg CO2e – 20% or less than the equivalent newly manufactured smartphone – and removes the need to extract 164 Kg of raw materials,” explained Augustin Becquet, Recommerce CEO. “More than 50,000 tonnes of CO2e could potentially be avoided for every million smartphones Vodafone receives via trade-in that are subsequently refurbished and resold.The ‘circular economy’ plan will build on Vodafone’s other environmental initiatives. The company has committed to using renewable energy across its network, reusing or responsibly disposing of excess or decommissioned equipment, and taking a potential supplier’s environmental and social credentials into account during procurement.“In recent years Vodafone has made significant progress in eliminating our carbon footprint, improving energy efficiency across our operations, revamping our procurement to support sustainability, and driving carbon enablement for our customers,” added Joakim Reiter, who leads Vodafone’s ‘planet’ activities in his role as Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer. “The next frontier of our planet strategy is now focussed on building a more circular economy for consumers and industry, and through own actions and in collaboration with partners developing innovative programmes that can tackle the growing challenge around electronic waste.” 
20220223_165637_ind_C000443_A000025	lehren.com	https://lehren.com/entertainment/bollywood/when-sridevi-expressed-desire-to-do-arranged-marriage/115148/	IND	Today is the 4th death anniversary of India’s first female superstar, Sridevi. The actress, who passed away at the age of 54 on Feb 24th, 2018, had a remarkable career spanning 50 years. She began her acting journey at the young age of 4 and delivered several classic Bollywood films. Sridevi was a private person. She rarely gave interviews or discussed her private life with the media. However, once, in the early 90s, Sridevi got candid and shared her views on marriage. It happened during an event for her 1993 film ‘Roop Ki Rani Choron Ka Raja’. The interviewer called Sridevi ‘Roop Ki Rani’, and asked her about her real-life emperor. Sridevi replied, “I have to find one. I have to ask my mum about it.” The journalist then asked if she believes in arranged marriages, to which, the actress replied, “Yes.” She added, “I don’t want to take risks. If something goes wrong, I can blame my mum.” She then said, “I am joking. But yes, I believe in arranged marriages.” Contrary to her initial beliefs, Sridevi did take a risk and fell in love with producer Boney Kapoor, who was already married to Mona Kapoor. Boney eventually divorced his first wife in 1996 and married Sridevi in the same year. Sridevi and Boney Kapoor became parents to two beautiful daughters- Janhvi Kapoor (born in 1997) and Khushi Kapoor (born in 2000). VIDEO Also Read: 
20220223_165637_pak_C000447_A000024	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/gangubai-kathiawadi-celeb-review-vicky-kaushal-finds-alia-bhatt-amazing-riddhima-kapoor-counts-her-among-legends-101645687522047.html	PAK	Actor and director Sanjay Leela Bhansali are garnering a lot of praise for their film,. A host of celebs including Vicky Kaushal and Riteish Deshmukh watched the film on Wednesday and shared their views about the same. Vicky Kaushal raved about Alia and Bhansali and wrote on his Instagram Stories, Absolutely shook by the sheer brilliance at display in this film. SLB sir you are a master! And @aliabhatt dont even know what to say about you…breathtakingly amazing as Gangu! Hats off. Big screen cinema magic. Dont miss. Vicky Kaushal, Riddhima Kapoor and Shashank Khaitan shared their views on Gangubai Kathiawadi. Alias boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor’s sister Riddhima Kapoor Sahni was also impressed by Alia’s performance. While Ranbir did not make it to the film’s special screening on Wednesday, Riddima watched the film along with aunt Rima Jain. Taking to Instagram Stories to applaud the actor a day after, Riddhima wrote, “When two living legends come together and create magic #sanjayleelabhansali #aliabhatt what a fantastic movie! Brilliant performance! @aliabhatt you nailed it.”Filmmaker Shashank Khaitan, who has directed Alia twice in Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania and Badrinath Ki Dulhania, called her a genius. He wrote on his Instagram Stories, “Please book your tickets, and go watch Gangubai in a theatre near you, to watch the sheer genius of Alia Bhatt… shakti, sampati, sadbudhi aur beshumar talent, sab iss ladki ke pass hai (power, wealth, good sense and a lot of talent – this girl has it all).”Riteish Deshmukh watched the film with actor wife Genelia DSouza. He took to Twitter to share his views. Praising Alia and Bhansali, he tweeted, “Saw #GangubaiKathiawadi last night!!! Another magical experience.. #SanjayLeelaBhansali is an absolute master storyteller. Every frame in the film has perfection written all over it. @aliaa08 you are gold! You are a fantastic actor but you have outdone yourself as Gangubai.” He shared in another tweet, “Cinematography by Sudeep Chaterjee is the bomb… Dialogues, Choreography, production design, music..are top notch, everyone in the film got their A game into play. @ajaydevgn’s entry and every dialogue is seeti maar. Watch it on the big screen-Don’t miss it #GangubaiKathiawadi.”The special screening of the film on Wednesday was also attended by Rekha, Deepika Padukone, Kriti Sanon, Janhvi Kapoor, Sara Ali Khan, Malaika Arora, Arjun Kapoor, Shabana Azmi, Javed Akhtar, Ananya Panday, Ishaan Khatter and Isabelle Kaif. 
20220223_165637_pak_C000447_A000032	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/nasa-artemis-1-update-february-2022-livestream	PAK	Update for 6 pm ET: NASA is now targeting no earlier than May on the first flight of the Space Launch System megarocket. .NASA will give an update about its Artemis 1 moon mission today (Feb. 24) and you can tune in online. will be the first-ever launch of NASAs new (SLS) megarocket. The mission will send an uncrewed Orion capsule around the moon, to ensure that the SLS-Orion duo is ready to carry astronauts for the agencys of lunar exploration.Artemis 1 is currently expected to roll out to its launch pad at NASAs Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida in mid-March ahead of a launch in April or May. Well learn about the latest mission progress and timelines during Thursdays press conference, which will start at 1:30 p.m. EST (1830 GMT). You can listen to it live here at Space.com, courtesy of NASA, or .Video: Participating in the call will be:Tom Whitmeyer, deputy associate administrator for exploration systems development at NASA headquarters in WashingtonMike Bolger, Exploration Ground Systems program manager at KSCMike Sarafin, Artemis 1 mission manager at NASA headquartersThe mid-March rollout of the SLS- stack will allow NASA to conduct a crucial prelaunch test.This final test, known as the wet dress rehearsal, will run the launch team through operations to load propellant into the rockets tanks and conduct a full launch countdown. Following a successful rehearsal, NASA will roll the rocket stack back into the Vehicle Assembly Building for final checks and set an official target date for launch, agency officials (Feb. 22).Through Artemis missions, NASA will land the first woman and the first person of color on the surface of the moon, paving the way for a long-term lunar presence and serving as a stepping stone on the way to Mars, they added.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220223_165637_gha_C000449_A000021	www.videogameschronicle.com	https://www.videogameschronicle.com/news/fallout-new-vegas-2-is-reportedly-in-very-early-talks-at-microsoft/	GHA	A sequel to Fallout New Vegas is in ‘very early talks’ at , according to a journalist.Speaking on his premium show Grubbsnax (paywalled, transcribed by VGC), VentureBeat’s Jeff Grubb claimed that original developer Obsidian could create a sequel to the classic RPG, now that it’s under the same roof as license holder Bethesda.“This is very early, but people have begun to have talks and say these words in sentences, and those words are ‘Obsidian’ and ‘New Vegas 2’,” Grubb said.“We’re talking years and years away. There’s at least an interest and conversations happening about making something like that actually a reality.”Fallout 76: Fallout Worlds Launch TrailerGrubb added: “A lot of people at Microsoft think that this could work and there’s a lot of interest to make it happen.”Fallout: New Vegas is a 2010 action role-playing game developed by and published by .A spin-off of the Fallout series, the game encompasses a region consisting of Arizona, California, and Nevada.Back in 2013, Obsidian CEO Feargus Urquhart claimed he was keen to create a sequel to the New Vegas and shared some of his ideas for a follow-up.“Oh, we’d love to do Fallout: New Vegas 2. It would be awesome. If I think of going from Fallout 1 to Fallout 2, we tried to associate the two areas somewhat closely.“It wasn’t just ‘Oh, we’re gonna do this 2,000 miles from here.’ So I think if we were to do Fallout: New Vegas 2 — or just a new Fallout — we would probably separate it from what the internal team at Bethesda’s doing.“We’d keep it on the West Coast, because we’re West Coast people. They’re East Coast, so it makes sense.”Microsoft acquired Obsidian in 2018. The corporation then , parent company of The move saw Game Studios grow from 15 to 23 development teams with the addition of Bethesda Game Studios, , ZeniMax Online Studios, , , , Alpha Dog and Roundhouse Studios. 
20220223_165637_phl_C000455_A000010	mb.com.ph	https://mb.com.ph/2022/02/24/repatriation-for-filipinos-in-ukraine-underway/	PHL	/ / Repatriation for Filipinos in Ukraine underway Repatriation for Filipinos in Ukraine underway Malacańang on Thursday, Feb. 24, said repatriation efforts are now under for Filipinos in Ukraine amid escalating tensions there over a feared Russian invasion. This photograph taken on February 23, 2022 shows the Ukrainian the flag fluttering above the dome of the parliament in Kyiv. (Sergei SUPINSKY / AFP) “The safety of Filipinos in Ukraine remains foremost in the mind of President Rodrigo Roa Duterte,” Cabinet secretary and acting presidential spokesperson Karlo Nograles said. “The Philippine government, through the Department of Foreign Affairs, is now conducting repatriation efforts of Filipinos living in Ukraine,” he added. Nograles earlier said that while the government hopes that parties involved explore all avenues to attain peace, it assured that they are prepared for “any and all eventualities and all contingencies.” The Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA) also recently said that it is ready to conduct mass repatriation for the 380 Filipinos in Ukraine. According to OWWA, crisis management mechanisms and exit strategies have been arranged, while Filipinos there have already been informed and consistently in touch with the Philippine embassy. SIGN UP TO DAILY NEWSLETTER 
20220223_165637_irl_C000459_A000002	www.rte.ie	https://www.rte.ie/news/2022/0224/1282816-tallaght-shooting-investigation/	IRL	A man who was shot in the head on farmland in south Co Dublin earlier this week has died in hospital. Keith Conlon, 36, from Kiltalown Park was shot following a confrontation on land at Hazel Grove last Tuesday afternoon. The scene of the fatal shooting, a rural area at the foot of the Dublin mountains outside Tallaght, remained sealed off for a third day today as a forensic examination and garda searches continued. A group of local men were out there on Tuesday afternoon with a dog when a man came upon them and shot the dog. A confrontation ensued and Mr Conlon was shot in the head. The father of a newborn baby was taken to Tallaght University Hospital in a critical condition but died there this afternoon. A 53-year-old man was arrested at the scene (Pic: RollingNews.ie) A 53-year-old man who was arrested at the scene on Tuesday afternoon is still being questioned in Tallaght Garda Station. He is being detained under Section 30 of the Offences Against the State Act and has been questioned for the past two days. His period of detention was extended for a final 24 hours by a District Court judge this afternoon. He must be charged or released by around lunchtime tomorrow. The garda investigation has now been upgraded to that of a fatal shooting. It has all the resources and access to specialist units necessary for a murder inquiry. Gardaí have also seized a licenced handgun, which they believe was used in the shooting. Detectives said they are following a definite line of inquiry and are not looking for anyone else. 
20220223_165637_irl_C000459_A000017	www.corkbeo.ie	https://www.corkbeo.ie/news/local-news/cork-lotto-players-urged-check-23205391	IRL	Theres a new millionaire within our ranks as the National Lottery have confirmed someone in Cork caught a lucky break in last nights draw. Bosses have partially let the cat out of the bag saying someone within the confines of our lovely county scored very big on the Lotto Plus 1 draw. Last nights winning Plus 1 numbers were 5, 10, 23, 31, 34, 36, and the bonus was 30. One lucky person who got their ticket here is now after scoring a whopper €1 millio. Where the ticket has sold hasnt been revealed just yet, but a spokesperson for the Lotto did appeal for everyone to go and check their tickets and sign them if theyre winners. They said: “National Lottery players in the Rebel County have had lots to celebrate in recent weeks with Cork currently holding the title for National Lottery millionaires for 2022 so far. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles Just a few weeks ago, we saw two Cork players scoop €1 million each in the special EuroMillions Raffle after purchasing their tickets in two separate stores in West Cork located just 20km apart. And now a Lotto player in Cork has become the county’s latest National Lottery top prize winner and millionaire after scooping Wednesday night’s Lotto Plus 1 top prize of €1 million.” “We are appealing to all of our Lotto players in Cork to check their midweek Lotto tickets very carefully as one player has a ticket worth €1 million. The winner is advised to sign the back of their ticket and to keep it safe. They should make contact with our prize claims team as soon as possible so that arrangements can be made for them to claim their prize.” 
20220223_165637_irl_C000459_A000036	www.advertiser.ie	https://www.advertiser.ie/galway/article/127845/ballybrit-vaccination-centre-to-offer-appointments-for-children-aged-5-to-11	IRL	Parents and guardians of children aged five to 11 years can now book an appointment for a Covid-19 vaccine for their child at the vaccination centre in Galway Racecourse. Bookings can be made on Clinics are available by appointment this weekend from 2.30pm to 6.30pm tomorrow (Friday ), from 8.30am to 1pm on Saturday, and from 8.30am to 1pm on Sunday. “The option to book an appointment has been introduced this week to coincide with mid-term break,” Paul Hooton, Saolta executive lead for the rollout of the vaccination programme in the west and northwest, said this week. “Children who are aged five to 11 years of age are offered a Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine with a smaller dose, so these clinics are specifically for this age group.” Parents and guardians who book an appointment for their child are asked to bring a form of identification with their child’s date of birth on it to the appointment. This can be their passport or birth certificate. “If you have more than one child aged five to 11 getting vaccinated, you can bring them to the same appointment time,” Mr Hooton added. “A parent or guardian will need to accompany the child/children to the vaccination appointment to give consent. “We also offer the option to book appointments for those aged 12 and older at different times and days by going to “Children who have had Covid-19 need to wait for four weeks before getting their first dose vaccine.” 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000466_A000028	www.timeslive.co.za	https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2022-02-24-kaizer-jnr-responds-to-criticism-of-coach-baxter-preferring-players-over-30-at-chiefs/	ZAF	Kaizer Chiefs new sporting director Kaizer Motaung Junior has assured supporters that a crucial part of his role is to bring down the average age of the Kaizer Chiefs squad.He stressed, however, that how those players are used remains the decision of head coach Stuart Baxter.Motaung Junior — appointed at the start of the season to the new position that oversees head of technical and the academy Molefi Ntseki, football manager Bobby Motaung and the first team — responded to criticism of Baxter preferring players over 30, and overlooking exciting academy products. He admitted the balance between youth and experience at Chiefs “is lacking” at present.The son of chairperson and founder Kaizer Motaung said the objective for Chiefs in 2021-22 is to salvage a seventh season without silverware, thanks to their defeat to TS Galaxy in the Nedbank Cup, with a top two placing in the DStv Premiership and Caf Champions League spot.“The first thing I want to say, which is very important, is that people get appointed with roles and responsibilities. The most important thing is that the head coach, Stuart Baxter, is the person who is responsible for team selection and how he chooses to play,” Motaung Junior said.“Everyone else gives their inputs, and thats how football structures work.“On the season, of course the biggest priority now is to compete as best we can to make sure we clinch a Champions League spot.“Or anything can happen in the league. Sundowns can drop [points], it happened to us before. But of course its to make sure that we can rectify [the campaign], because it has been a terrible sore point being knocked out in the first round of the Nedbank.“At the same time, the plans for next season have already been done. The plans for the season after that and the next five years have already been done.”Speculation and reports were that friction between the previous two coaches at Chiefs — Ernst Middendorp and Gavin Hunt — and some players, played a part in their lack of success at Chiefs. 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000470_A000032	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-nasa-drones-arctic-sea-ice.html	ZWE	Vanilla flying over sea ice off Alaskas North Slope in November 2021. Airborne campaigns to the polar regions often fly straight tracks, limited by the need to refuel in between flights. Drones like Vanilla have different needs, and can offer a niche in Earth observations that scientists have traditionally struggled to explore with boots on the ground or instruments already in the air and space. Credit: Platform Aerospace. Theyve delivered groceries and performed light shows at the Olympics. But in the unforgiving Arctic climate, drones have struggled to fly for extended periods of time—the kind that would allow researchers to fly scientific instruments safely to keep tabs on the region. Now, a team led by NASA scientists is showing how a fixed-winged named Vanilla could fly for several days over the Arctic ocean carrying an instrument that uses radar to measure the depth of snow accumulating on top of sea ice. By testing the drone and snow radar instrument together, the team wants to provide key data to more accurately track and project how Earths polar regions are changing and influencing . Because snowfall puts an additional layer of snow over sea ice, even some of NASAs most powerful altimeter systems in space struggle to measure the thickness of the ice. Data from drones flying at low altitudes can help scientists measure this changing thickness more accurately as Arctic sea ice waxes and wanes with the seasons. The same technique could eventually be used to assess how freshwater melting from Greenland and Antarctica contributes to , says Brooke Medley, a research scientist at NASAs Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, who leads the project. In other words, Medley sees in drones, a path toward increasingly accurate projections of how sea level rise might reshape coastlines worldwide, and, for more temperate climates, a promising new tool to monitor wildfires, algal blooms, and other vital signals of change on Earth. In November 2021, Vanilla flew for 6 hours over open ocean and sea ice more than 130 miles (222 km) from an airport in Deadhorse, Alaska, where a pilot controlled the aircraft and a scientist controlled the radar instrument. By flying in more temperate weather for eight days straight in 2021, Vanilla earned the world record for continuous flight without refueling by a remotely piloted aircraft with internal combustion engine. In Alaska, unusual precipitation prevented multi-day flights, but early assessments show Vanilla could fly for nearly five days over Arctic sea ice. To earn its Arctic wings, Vanilla flew with ice-detecting sensors, heating systems, and a special anti-icing coating to protect against fog and moisture that can quickly ice on its wings and propeller. The aircraft also runs on a diesel engine, which helps to regulate heat unlike battery-operated drones. Drones have come a long way, enough that they can start to be more than just quadcopters flying locally and looking at your neighborhood, Medley says. Flying drones is ultimately more green and safer than flying large planes, so this checks a lot of boxes. Medley, who leads the project, wants to survey sea ice in the Arctic and Southern Ocean with the drone. Ultimately, the idea is to fly over Greenland and Antarctica, Earths two ice sheets. Unlike expensive and labor-intensive airborne campaigns that rely on airplanes and crew, multiple drones could fly simultaneously, on a regular basis, and in multi-day surveys of an entire ice sheet, Medley says. NASA satellites have played a key role in detecting how ice sheets have lost mass in recent decades. But they have struggled to measure fine details about how variations in snow depth on the surface of the ice affect the thickness of these continental glaciers. Scientists typically determine the health of an ice sheet by measuring changes in surface height that help assess whether the ice is thinning or thickening. But snow blows constantly all around an ice sheet and piles on its surface over several years like a multilayer cake that satellites struggle to track. We have to make sure the thickness changes were seeing arent just a single snowfall event or the lack of a single snowfall event, Medley says. Then we can better interpret the changes that were seeing from space if we know how much snow is falling. Because sea ice is already floating on the ocean, sea level does not rise significantly when that ice melts. But snowfall that settles on the ice sheets eventually melts and deposits freshwater into the ocean. Stored as frozen water on the surface of an ice sheet, this snow can also stall an s contribution to sea level rise, Medley says. How exactly that accumulated snow influences sea levels is a poorly understood processes in studies of sea level rise. We need to monitor this accumulation, Medley says, because small changes can actually end up playing a very large role in sea level change. Citation: NASA is helping fly drones in the Arctic. Heres what that means for sea ice and sea level change (2022, February 24) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-nasa-drones-arctic-sea-ice.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220223_165637_lva_C000473_A000002	www.nato.int	https://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_192406.htm	LVA	Today (24 February 2022), NATO held an emergency meeting of the North Atlantic Council to respond to Russia’s unjustified and unprovoked attack on Ukraine. “NATO Allies condemn Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the strongest possible terms,” Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said. “We call on Russia to immediately cease its military action, withdraw its forces from Ukraine, and choose diplomacy.” “We fully support Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and Ukraine’s right of self-defence” Mr. Stoltenberg added. Today, the North Atlantic Council decided to activate NATO’s defence plans to protect Allied nations during this crisis. “We will continue to do whatever is necessary to shield the Alliance from aggression,” Mr Stoltenberg stated. 
20220223_165637_gha_C000483_A000020	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/24/22949219/otterbox-magsafe-battery-pack-apple	GHA	When Dieter Bohn , he wasn’t exactly thrilled with its performance. Unfortunately, the relatively small battery pack didn’t have enough juice to top off an iPhone 12 even once. And, like most things from Apple, it came with an unusually high price tag and only worked with a proprietary Lightning cable for charging. Since then, other manufacturers like Anker have produced MagSafe battery packs with friendlier features and better capacity. Now, the case makers at Otterbox have joined that trend with a pair of wireless MagSafe power banks that cost less than Apple’s model but provide better capacity and features. Otterbox’s lineup includes both a and model that cost $69.99 and $49.95, respectively. The double-sided magnets allow the battery to sandwich itself between any compatible MagSafe charging case and a dock, allowing you to top off your phone and the battery pack simultaneously. The battery pack itself is compatible with any iPhone or iPhone case from either Apple or Otterbox with MagSafe charging. Another feature that sets this battery pack apart from the Apple model is the USB-C port, which allows the pack to serve as an external battery for other devices. According to the specs listed on the Otterbox website, the output is listed as a 5W Qi-charging standard, which should allow it to wirelessly charge other Qi-compatible devices as well. The battery pack uses a USB-C charging standard Image: Otterbox This list of features combined with the competitive pricing gives the Otterbox battery pack an edge over , which uses a less versatile charging standard and still costs around $99.99 at retail. Update February 24th, 5:22PM ET: Added retailer links for Otterbox’s 3,000mAh and 5,000mAh MagSafe power banks, as well as Apple’s MagSafe Battery Pack. 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000488_A000018	www.thisismoney.co.uk	https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/markets/article-10546295/Lloyds-Banking-Group-profits-surge-6-9bn.html	GBR	Lloyds Banking Group has become the latest lending giant to post a bumper annual profit after releasing Covid loan loss provisions and seeing mortgage lending surge. The group, which is the countrys biggest lender, posted an annual pre-tax profit of Ł6.9billion in 2021, up from Ł1.2billion the year before. However, the figure came in below forecasts. The lender said its bottom line had been boosted as it booked a Ł1.2billion credit from provisions for bad debts, having set aside Ł4.2billion the previous year.fell sharply today, and were down 10.72 per cent or 5.60p to 46.60p at close. Results: Lloyds Banking Group has become the latest lending giant to post a bumper annual profitFrenzied activity in the housing market also helped bolster the group, which saw its mortgage book surge by Ł16billion to Ł293.3billion last year.The bank also revealed it would buy back Ł2billion of its own shares and pay a final dividend of 1.33p a share.The lender said it was reintroducing bonuses for staff with a pool worth Ł399million, having axed payouts due to the impact of the pandemic a year earlier. The bank confirmed it was on heightened alert for cyberattacks from Russia as the crisis in Ukraine worsened. Weve been on heightened alert... internally around our cyber risk controls and weve been focused on this now for quite a while, boss Charlie Nunn told reporters. The lenders latest upbeat figures cap a slew of strong results from the major players in the sector, following profits of Ł8.4billion at Barclays, HSBC’s mammoth Ł13.9billion earnings, and Ł4billion in operating profits at NatWest. But Lloyds Banking Group also revealed charges for past misdeeds of Ł1.3billion over the year, amounting to a Ł775million hit in the fourth quarter, including Ł600million for the HBOS Reading scandal, which took place before the financial crisis.Underlying Net Interest Income rose by 4 per cent in 2021 and, unlike most of its peers, Lloyds Banking Group was able to increase Net Interest Margin, albeit by a modest amount. New boss Charlie Nunn said the lender was focused on helping Britain recover from the pandemic. He added: He said: 2021 has been a year of solid financial performance. All new: Charlie Nunn took on the role of chief executive at Lloyds Banking Group in AugustHe said: Since joining the Group in August 2021, I have been impressed by the Groups purpose-driven culture, real customer focus, its commitment to sustainability and diversity, as well as its disciplined risk management. Nunn vowed to spearhead a strategic shift towards growth, diversified revenue streams, better efficiency and more investment in technology and data. He took over at Lloyds in August to replace Antonio Horta-Osorio, who left for a short-lived, scandal-tainted stint as chairman of Credit Suisse. Since starting at the group, Nunn has taken home around Ł5.5million, thanks to a Ł4.2million buyout of shares he held in HSBC, his former employer. Excluding that, his pay came in at Ł1.2million over the period. Nunn also said the bank would also try to boost income from its bigger corporate clients by building its cash management and debt finance business, reversing the trend of recent years where Britains retail banks have pared back in corporate finance.Lloyds Banking Group increased its key profitability goals, and said it now expects to make a return on tangible equity of more than 10 per cent by 2024 and 12 per cent by 2026. Richard Hunter, head of markets at Interactive Investor, said: The proposed dividend payment implies a yield of 3.8 per cent which will be of some solace to income-seeking investors, although the yield remains considerably light of pre-pandemic levels. Even so, returns are being boosted further by a proposed share buyback programme of up to Ł2billion which, all things being equal, should provide some support to the share price.He added; Overall, the banks’ reporting season has been a mildly disappointing affair, although more positively the release of credit impairments and generous buyback programmes have been in evidence across the board. For Lloyds, the share price still has some ground to make up and the weakness of the wider market on geopolitical tensions has put severe pressure on prices generally in early trade. Despite an increase of 33 per cent over the last year, which compares to a hike of 13 per cent for the wider FTSE 100, the shares remain down by almost 6 per cent on a two-year view. Even so, going into the season, Lloyds was the pick of the bunch in terms of market consensus, and the general view of the stock as a strong buy is likely to remain intact given the bank’s aspirations and prospects. Some links in this article may be affiliate links. If you click on them we may earn a small commission. That helps us fund This Is Money, and keep it free to use. We do not write articles to promote products. We do not allow any commercial relationship to affect our editorial independence. 
20220223_165637_uga_C000497_A000029	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220224112650.htm	UGA	Researchers from the Babraham Institute have today published their latest work in the journal Cell Stem Cell describing a new subset of human embryonic stem cells that closely resemble the cells present at the genomic wake up call of the 8-cell embryo stage in humans. This new stem cell model will allow researchers to map out the key genomic changes during early development, and help move towards a better understanding of the implications of genome activation errors in developmental disorders and embryo loss. In all mammals, the early embryo undergoes a number of molecular events just after fertilisation that set the stage for the rest of development. During this key wake up call the genome of the embryo takes over control of the cells activities from the maternal genome. In humans, this happens at the 8-cell stage and is called zygotic genome activation (ZGA). Before the findings of this study, investigating the details of human ZGA could only be done in human embryos; existing human stem cell models represented the embryo only at later stages of the developmental process. In the UK, experiments using embryos are permitted but highly regulated, meaning that research into early development relied in part on alternative, non-human models. In 2012, cells representing the genome activation stage of development were found in mouse embryonic stem cells (ESCs), allowing researchers to learn more about mammalian ZGA. Almost a decade later, the Reik lab at the Institute have found a human equivalent. The labs discovery opens up a way to advance our knowledge of the earliest events during preimplantation development. Dr Jasmin Taubenschmid-Stowers, lead author and Research Fellow in the Reik lab, part of the Institutes Epigenetics research programme , commented: Studying mouse embryonic stem cells has allowed researchers to learn about the general process of genome activation, but we could learn even more about this important step in human development thanks to our discovery of a human stem cell counterpart. In order to function, cells take copies of the genome in the form of an RNA code which is translated into proteins. The RNA code output is called the transcriptome and it can be used to identify different populations of cells. In this study, researchers used existing human data sets and information from mouse ESC studies to identify characteristic transcriptome marks that could be linked to genome activation. Using single cell techniques, they started the search for similar cells in their population of human ESCs. The team found a subset of human ESCs with the right transcriptome marks to be a potential match for the 8-cell stage, when the major wave of genome activation occurs. They called these cells 8-cell like cells or 8CLCs and used the published human data to further validate and confirm that these cells shared the same molecular outputs indicative of genome activation and could be pursued as a reliable model for future studies. To further explore the extent of the similarities between their 8CLCs and 8-cell stage in human embryos, the team worked with Professor Jennifer Nichols from the Wellcome -- MRC Cambridge Stem Cell Institute. Together they were able to select and search for proteins present in both sets of cells that were indicative of ZGA. Their results showed that the ZGA-associated proteins of 8CLCs closely matched those seen in human 8-cell embryos. As Jasmin explains: The collaboration with Professor Nichols and her team was vital as we could identify selected proteins and really look at those in real, fixed human 8-cell stage embryo cells compared to our new stem cell counterparts. This work confirmed that our 8C-like cells matched at the protein level too, in additional to the transcriptomics data, providing validation that the 8-cell like cells matched embryo cells across multiple molecular layers. Our focus is now to characterise these cells and understand their unique properties so that we can use 8-cell like cells as a tool to ask questions about the molecular changes that may cause developmental issues at this early stage. said Professor Wolf Reik, Babraham Institute group leader. Story Source: provided by . Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220223_165637_irl_C000498_A000014	www.dublinlive.ie	https://www.dublinlive.ie/news/dublin-news/russia-ukraine-crisis-man-arrested-23206191	IRL	A man in his 30s has been arrested after the red paint was thrown over the Russian Embassy in Dublin. The incident occurred as protesters gathered at the embassy to protest the Russian invasion of Ukraine. this morning after President Vladimir Putin announced a special military operation was underway. Ukraines Foreign Minister described it as a full-scale invasion and said they will defend themselves in the war which they will win. At least eight people have been killed and nine more wounded by the Russian shelling, according to reports. In Dublin, there were as many as 20 protesters flying Ukraine flags at the Embassy on Orwell Road in Milltown when the red paint was thrown over the Russian emblem, a source told Dublin Live. Another protest is planned for 3pm and a presence will be maintained throughout. Cars were heard beeping as they drove past the embassy after the news of the invasion broke this morning. Russias President Vladimir Putin Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles A man was arrested at the scene and he is being held at Rathfarnham Garda Station. A spokesman said: Gardaí have arrested a man aged in his 30s in relation to an incident of Criminal Damage which occurred this morning, 24 th February 2022, at a premises on Orwell Road, Dublin 14. The man is currently detained at Rathfarnham Garda Station under Section 4 of The Criminal Justice Act, 1984. Any by the Department of Foreign Affairs, as explosions and gunfire are heard across the country. said this morning: I utterly condemn Russia’s indefensible attack on the sovereign people of Ukraine. Our first thoughts are with them. We will work with the EU and UN to hold Putin and his regime accountable. Russia will pay a high price for this outrageous act of aggression. We stand with Ukraine. Sign up to the to get all the latest Dublin news straight to your inbox. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220223_165637_can_C000500_A000031	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/hubble-image-two-galaxies-webb-study	CAN	The continues to scout on behalf of the newly launched James Webb Space Telescope to guide future astronomy work.A stunning new image released by Hubble officials shows a single example of that collaboration: a pair of galaxies known as Arp 298, interacting 200 million light-years from in the constellation Pegasus.More prominent in the image is the barred NGC 7469, which is known to have a supermassive black hole in its center. (This galaxy has the same shape as the and may be useful for comparative studies of barred spirals.) Also visible is the smaller, but still spectacular, IC 5283 galaxy. Related: The Arp in this galaxy pair’s name signifies that they are listed in the Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies compiled by the astronomer Halton Arp, Hubble officials wrote . The Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies is a rogues gallery of weird and wonderful galaxies containing peculiar structures, featuring galaxies exhibiting everything from segmented spiral arms to concentric rings.Before long, scientists will be able to compare Hubbles work with that of Webbs, as Arp 298 will be one of the first science targets of Webbs observations starting in summer 2022, Hubble officials said. Webb is now as part of a months-long commissioning period, following its launch Dec. 25.But if you want another view before summer, Hubble has you covered. The telescope also imaged the same approximate area , focusing that time on using infrared to highlight a starburst.Follow Elizabeth Howell on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or Facebook. to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220223_165637_ken_C000521_A000011	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/world/2022-02-24-uk-foreign-secretary-condemns-appalling-unprovoked-attack/	KEN	Liz Truss, the UK foreign secretary, has tweeted, saying she strongly condemns the appalling, unprovoked attack President Putin has launched on the people of Ukraine.She says the UK stands with Ukraine and will make a joint response with international partners to this terrible act of aggression. 
20220223_165637_ken_C000521_A000030	www.sportsmole.co.uk	https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/man-city/title-race/predicted-lineups/how-man-city-could-line-up-against-everton_478981.html	KEN	Sports Mole takes an in-depth look at how Manchester City could line up for Saturdays Premier League clash with Everton. manager has confirmed that and are fit to play in Saturdays Premier League contest against at Goodison Park. Grealish has missed the last three matches with a shin injury, while Jesus has not featured in any of the last five games due to a minor muscle problem, which he sustained on international duty with Brazil earlier this month. However, both players are in contention to feature this weekend, as is left-back who has been training with the first team despite the Russians invading his native Ukraine. Guardiola is unlikely to make wholesale changes to his starting lineup despite their 3-2 home defeat against Tottenham Hotspur last weekend, but the likes of , and will all be pushing to start. Both Stones and Ake will be competing for a place at centre-back along with and , while and are set to continue as the full-backs. In midfield, , who scored against Spurs, could be dropped to the bench if Guardiola decides to recall Mahrez, which would likely see move back into the three-man midfield alongside and . Despite the unsavoury scenes pictured backstage at the vs. fight last weekend involving s family, the versatile midfielder is expected to continue in a false nine role, joining Mahrez and in the front three. Manchester City possible starting lineup: Ederson; Walker, Dias, Laporte, Cancelo; De Bruyne, Rodri, Bernardo; Mahrez, Foden, Sterling ID:478981:1false2false3false:QQ:: from db desktop :LenBod:collect4204: 
20220223_165637_nga_C000522_A000017	www.premiumtimesng.com	https://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/more-news/513508-bitcoin-slumps-below-35000-after-russia-ukraine-attacks.html	NGA	The price of Bitcoin, the world’s most popular cryptocurrency, fell further below the $35,000 benchmark on Thursday after Russia launched an attack on Ukraine. Russian forces attacked Ukraine after President Vladimir Putin announced he . In less than 24-hour, Bitcoin dipped by nearly 8 per cent to $ $35,288.31 at around 08:57 am Nigerian time on Thursday, showed. That was the lowest level in a month. Ether plunged more than 12% and was trading at $2,325.18. Within the past 24-hour, Bitcoin touched an intraday low of $34,459.22 and oscillated to a high of $39,122.39 on Thursday. By this, Bitcoin has slumped by 49.38 per cent after it touched an all-time high of $68,789.63 on November 3, 2021. Other cryptocurrencies too Prices of Ethereum , BNB and XRP also plummeted by 11.05, 9.83 and 10.39 per cents respectively. Over $150 billion has been wiped off the entire cryptocurrency market in the last 24 hours, according to Coinmarketcap data. The dip in cryptocurrency prices became significant as global equity markets tumbled following Russia’s military attack on Ukraine. “Risk assets continue to be weighed down by the Russia-Ukraine conflict and tensions. This includes Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies which are currently still very much viewed as a high risk asset class,” CNBC quoted Vijay Ayyar, vice president of corporate development and international at crypto exchange Luno to have said. Mr Ayyar said that bitcoin could see lows at around the $30,000 mark with the key level being the low of between $28,000 and $29,000 seen last July. “If bitcoin manages to hold above that, then it could move to new highs later this year, ” he said, adding that if the price falls below that, then bitcoin could move to the low $20,000 mark. WATCH: Governor Yahaya Bellos Roadmap to Hope 2023 VIDEO Support PREMIUM TIMES journalism of integrity and credibility Good journalism costs a lot of money. Yet only good journalism can ensure the possibility of a good society, an accountable democracy, and a transparent government. For continued free access to the best investigative journalism in the country we ask you to consider making a modest support to this noble endeavour. By contributing to PREMIUM TIMES, you are helping to sustain a journalism of relevance and ensuring it remains free and available to all. TEXT AD: 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000530_A000015	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/24/22949109/ad-free-tumblr-subscription-automattic-social-media	SGP	Tumblr that users can opt out of ads (on the desktop and in its mobile apps) by paying $4.99 per month or purchasing a year of ad-free browsing at a discount for $39.99. Image: Tumblr That means long-time posters can go back to the way things were , before and lost a massive chunk of its audience, and before Verizon for a tiny fraction of its original price. Founder David Karp was opposed to allowing advertising, and , it’s been plagued by tacky, cheap-looking advertisements that seemed to flood the feed and often make little to no sense. But now, anyone who still uses Tumblr can have the ad-free version of the site back — if they pay up. That pitch is a bit less appealing than it would’ve been when Tumblr was at its peak, but it does show new signs of life for the platform, that may be appreciated by anyone who’s stuck around through the transitions. Of course, another way to tell long-time users that there’s a future for Tumblr would be to develop more new features that don’t cost money, and its is a decent start. For the next move, here’s a free idea: Tumblr NSFW, $14.99, ad-free and unblurred for less than the cost of . 
20220223_165637_irl_C000535_A000004	www.independent.ie	https://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/a-brutal-assault-without-justification-us-president-joe-biden-announces-new-sanctions-as-russian-forces-take-chernobyl-41379130.html	IRL	US President Joe Biden has announced new sanctions as Ukrainian forces battle n invaders on three sides. iden spoke out after the Kremlin mounted an assault by land, sea and air in the biggest attack on a European state since World War Two. European Union leaders also agreed tonight to impose new sanctions on Russias financial, energy and transport sectors and impose export controls, as well as blacklisting more Russians over Moscows invasion of . These sanctions cover the financial sector, the energy and transport sectors, dual-use goods as well as export controls and export financing, visa policy, additional listings of Russian individuals and new listing criteria, said a statement by the 27 national EU leaders meeting in Brussels. After Russian President declared war in a pre-dawn televised address, explosions and gunfire were heard throughout the morning in Kyiv, a city of three million people. Missiles rained down on Ukrainian targets and authorities reported columns of troops pouring across Ukraines borders from Russia and Belarus to the north and east, and landing on the southern coasts from the Black Sea and Azov Sea. In an address in Washington this evening, Mr Biden described the invasion as “brutal assault on the people of Ukraine without justification”. The Indo Daily: Ukraine crisis - why Ireland should be worried about a war 3000km away Mr Biden said the new sanctions would target banks which hold over $1tn in assets, as well as Russian elites and their families. He said: “Putin has been planning this for months. He rejected every good faith effort the United States made to avoid needles conflict, for weeks we have been warning that this would happen. We saw flagrant violation of international law. Putin declared his war within moments missile strikes begin to fall on historic cities across Ukraine. Putin is the aggressor. The United States is not doing this alone, 27 members of the EU join to amplify the joint impact of our response. We will limit Russias ability to do business in dollars and euros. We have now sanctioned Russian banks, weve cut off Russians largest bank from the US financial system that means every asset they have in America will be frozen. These are people who personally gain from criminal policies. On Tuesday we stopped the Russian Government from raising money from American and European investors. Between our actions we estimate that well cut off more than half of Russias technical imports. Itll hurt their ability to build ships reducing their ability to compete economically.” Mr Biden’s address came after Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy called on Ukrainians to defend their country and said arms would be given to anyone prepared to fight. Firefighters work at the site of a damaged residential building, after Russia launched a massive military operation against Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine, February 25, 2022 A woman walks into a room in a damaged residential building, after Russia launched a massive military operation against Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 25, 2022. REUTERS/Umit Bektas People run to take shelter while the sirens sound announcing new attacks in the city of Kyiv, Ukraine, Friday, Feb. 25, 2022. (AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti) People look at the damage following a rocket attack the city of Kyiv, Ukraine, Friday, Feb. 25, 2022. (AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti) People from Ukraine rest at a train station that was turned into an accommodation center in Przemysl, Poland, on Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek) People gather in an air raid shelter in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. Picture taken February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Viacheslav Ratynskyi People carry their luggage as they flee from Ukraine at the Hungarian-Ukrainian border in Tiszabecs, Hungary. Photo: Reuters/Bernadett Szabo People take shelter in a subway station, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Viacheslav Ratynskyi Ukrainian servicemen sit atop armoured personnel carriers (Vadim Ghirda/AP) People rest in the Kyiv subway, using it as a bomb shelter (Emilio Morenatti/AP) A man kisses a boy who just crossed the border from Ukraine with his relatives on February 24, 2022, in Ubla, Slovakia. Picture: Getty A damaged residential building is seen, after Russia launched a massive military operation against Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine. Picture: Reuters Rescuers help a local resident after shelling in the town of Starobilsk in the Luhansk region, Ukraine, in this handout picture released February 25, 2022. Press service of the Ukrainian State Emergency Service/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. A woman and child peer out of the window of a bus as they leave Sievierodonetsk, the Luhansk region, in eastern Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda) People take shelter in a subway after air raid sirens sounded across the city on February 24, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine. Overnight, Russia began a large-scale attack on Ukraine (Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images) A child stands at the border crossing between Poland and Ukraine, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Medyka, Poland, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel People wait to return to the city at Kyiv Airport after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Umit Bektas Alexander Bazhanov, 34, a technical manager from Mariupol walks at the border crossing between Poland and Ukraine. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel Ukrainian tanks move into the city, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Mariupol, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Carlos Barria Police officers inspect the remains of a missile that landed in the street, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko People wait at a bus station to go to western parts of the country, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Umit Bektas An American woman cries after crossing the border and fleeing the violence in Ukraine, in Medyka, Poland, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Bryan Woolston An American couple embraces after crossing the border and fleeing the violence in Ukraine, in Medyka, Poland, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Bryan Woolston Ukrainian soldiers ride in a military vehicle in Mariupol, Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Sergei Grits) A person walks past luggage carts at Kyiv Airport after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Umit Bektas People take shelter in a subway station, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko People walk in a subway station, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko People are seen in a subway station, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko People are seen in a subway station, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko Police investigate the consequences of Russian shelling in Kyiv, Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) An American couple walks with their luggage after fleeing the violence in Ukraine, in Medyka, Poland, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Bryan Woolston A police officer takes a photo of the consequences of Russian shelling in Kyiv, Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022 (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) People walk in a subway to get a train as they leave the city of Kyiv, Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti) A family arrives at the Polish border crossing after fleeing violence in Ukraine, in Medyka, Poland, February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Bryan Woolston A woman cleans up broken glass after Russian shelling in Kyiv, Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) Men mobilized for military service board a bus, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk, Ukraine February 21, 2022. REUTERS/Alexander Ermochenko A Ukrainian soldier stands next to a military vehicle on a road in Kramatosrk, eastern Ukraine, Thursday, Feb. 24, 2022. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda) People take shelter in a subway station, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine February 24, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko Firefighters work at the site of a damaged residential building, after Russia launched a massive military operation against Ukraine, in Kyiv, Ukraine, February 25, 2022 What we have heard today are not just missile blasts, fighting and the rumble of aircraft. This is the sound of a new Iron Curtain, which has come down and is closing Russia off from the civilised world, Mr Zelenskyy said. As night fell in Ukraine, the picture of what was happening on the ground was sketchy. Russias defence ministry said it had destroyed 83 land-based Ukrainian targets and had achieved all its goals, according to Interfax news agency. An adviser to the Ukrainian presidential office said Russian forces had captured the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, just 90km north of the capital, and Hostomel airport in the Kyiv region, where paratroopers had earlier been landed. Fierce fighting was taking place in the regions of Sumy and Kharkiv in the northeast and Kherson and Odessa in the south. The highway heading west out of Kyiv was choked with traffic across five lanes as residents fled. In unleashing Moscows most aggressive action since the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, President Vladimir Putin deflected global condemnation and cascading new sanctions – and chillingly referred to his country’s nuclear arsenal. He threatened any foreign country attempting to interfere with “consequences you have never seen.” Sirens wailed in Ukraine’s capital, large explosions were heard there and in other cities, and people massed in train stations and took to roads, as the government said the former Soviet republic was seeing a long-anticipated invasion from the east, north and south. It reported more than 40 soldiers had been killed and dozens wounded so far. Ukrainian police said Russia had carried out 203 attacks since the beginning of the day, with fighting going on almost everywhere throughout Ukraines territory and there are fears Russian forces could be air-dropped into the country and then try to penetrate the government district in Kyiv. Ukraines defence minister said some Russian forces had been taken prisoner in heavy fighting. Ukrainians have started fleeing their homes, and the UN Refugee Agency says it is working to provide aid, with predictions millions of people could become displaced from the country of 44 million people. Central European countries braced for the arrival of refugees, with Poland setting up reception points on its border, and Hungary and Slovakia planning to send troops to manage the likely influx. In a televised address as the attack began, Putin warned other countries that any attempt to interfere would “lead to consequences you have never seen in history” and saying the move was in response to threats from Ukraine and aimed at the “denazification” of the country. Separately, a border guard stated Russian military columns have crossed the Ukrainian border into Chernihiv, Kharkiv and Luhansk regions. Missiles landed in parts of the capital Kyiv, and panic gripped the eastern city of Kharkiv with many people trying to leave. Security camera footage shows Russian military vehicles crossing into Ukraine from Russian-annexed Crimea. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg condemned Russias action as a violation of international law and a threat to European security. Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russia “wants to destroy our state” and appealed to the rest of the world to provide defence assistance to Ukraine against the Russian “aggressor”. Police officers inspect the remains of a missile that fell in the street, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv. Picture: Reuters Police officers inspect the remains of a missile that fell in the street, after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation in eastern Ukraine, in Kyiv. Picture: Reuters Ukraine declared martial law in the country, with the foreign minister describing it as a full-scale invasion. The country’s border guard agency said the Russian military attacked the country from neighbouring Belarus. Mariia Bochevan pictured at the protest outside the Russian Embassy against the invasion of Ukraine. Picture: Gerry Mooney Mariia Bochevan pictured at the protest outside the Russian Embassy against the invasion of Ukraine. Picture: Gerry Mooney The agency said that the Russian troops unleashed an artillery barrage as part of an attack backed by Belarus and Ukrainian border guards were firing back, adding that there was no immediate report of casualties. Russias military said it had targeted Ukrainian air bases and other military assets and had not targeted populated areas. Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses the nation in Moscow, Russia, warning countries that any attempt to interfere in its operation in Ukraine would lead to consequences you have never seen. Picture: AP Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses the nation in Moscow, Russia, warning countries that any attempt to interfere in its operation in Ukraine would lead to consequences you have never seen. Picture: AP Explosions were heard in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv as well as Odesa and Kharkiv following Mr Putins announcement that the military operation had begun. The sound of distant blasts were picked up in a live broadcast from US outlet CNN, causing reporter Matthew Chance to put on a flak jacket. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Russian strikes have suppressed air defence means of the Ukrainian military”, adding that the infrastructure of Ukraines military bases has been incapacitated. It denied claims that a Russian warplane was shot down over Ukraine. The Ukrainian military, meanwhile, reported it has shot down five Russian aircraft while fending off the attack on the country. NATO will further reinforce its troops on the alliances eastern flank, Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday after Russia launched an attack on Ukraine. In the coming days and weeks, there will come even more (soldiers), so we will further increase and we are increasing our presence in the eastern part of the alliance, he told reporters in Brussels. NATO also activated its defence plans to facilitate a swifter movement of troops, Mr Stoltenberg said. Russian communications regulator Roskomnadzor said media outlets must check the veracity of their reports about the situation in eastern Ukraine and only publish information from official Russian sources. Roskomnadzor said the distribution of false information online would lead to immediate restrictions. We emphasise that it is namely Russian official information sources that hold and disseminate reliable and up-to-date information, Roskomnadzor said. The Taoiseach said visa requirements would be waived for Ukrainian people fleeing to Ireland. He described the attack as “an outrageous and . He warned that sanctions on Russia will hit hard and will be far reaching. Speaking in Brussels ahead of an emergency EU summit meeting, Mr Martin said that Ireland “stands in solidarity with the Ukrainian people in their darkest hour”. In a statement earlier today, the Department of Foreign Affairs said: “In the light of the very serious developments overnight, the EU will now move forward with a second, even more extensive sanctions package. “This package will be discussed by EU leaders at a meeting of the European Council this evening, 24 February.” It said a first set of sanctions — over the illegal recognition of the self-proclaimed states of Donetsk and Luhansk — was now in force. It targets some Russian banks and many individuals, including 351 member of the Duma who approved President Putin’s recognition of the two breakaway regions. Foreign Affairs Minister Simon Coveney revealed there were there are and the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) is currently assisting them. Several such couples have managed to get their newborns home in recent days amid travel warnings. Mr Coveney said it is not only an attack on Ukraine, but on the whole of Europe. It is also, in many ways, an attack on the kind of Europe we have built together, collectively, since World War Two. He said while Ireland is “militarily nonaligned”, it is “certainly not neutral on an issue” such as the Russian invasion of the Ukraine. Earlier, the Russian Ambassador to Ireland has said that Russia has “no plans” to occupy Ukraine. Yuriy Filatov said in a statement that the “final objective” of the Russian military operation is to “stop the bloodshed” which is “inflicted by the Ukrainian military” in Donbass. “The operation has [the] final objective to restore peace in Donbass, create normal life conditions for its population,” said the ambassador. The Department of Foreign Affairs in continuing to provide consular assistance to an estimated 60 Irish citizens still in Ukraine. Mr Coveney said he has spoken to the Irish Ambassador in Kyiv, Therese Healy, and Ambassador Healy and other EU diplomats on the ground have been moved to a “safe place”. Minister Coveney said the air space is currently not safe and anyone trying to leave Ukraine will have to use road transport. In a statement released this morning, the DFA said: “The Department of Foreign Affairs recommends that all Irish citizens currently in Ukraine seek shelter in a secure place. We advise that citizens do not move around the country in the coming hours and to follow the advice of local authorities. The Department of Foreign Affairs advises against all travel to Ukraine. “The Department will issue regular updates via press release and on the @dfatirl Twitter account as the situation develops.” A protest against the invasion was held outside the Dáil today. Governments and airlines have begun diverting flights away from Ukrainian airspace. Ryanair has suspended its Ukraine flights for at least the next fortnight. The airline said: Due to the closure of Ukrainian airspace overnight and the apparent invasion by Russian forces, all Ryanair flights to/from Ukraine have been suspended for at least the next 14 days. All affected passengers will receive email notices later this morning and all flights to/from Ukraine have been removed from sale for at least the next four weeks until further information becomes available from EU safety agencies. Ryanair remains committed to our services to/from Ukraine and we look forward to restoring flight services there as soon as it is safe to do so. We sincerely regret and apologise for these unprecedented disruptions and any inconvenience that they will inevitably cause to our Ukrainian customers. Lithuanias president declared a state of emergency on Thursday, telling the NATO countrys army to deploy along its borders in response to possible disturbances and provocations due to large military forces massed in Russia and Belarus. International outcry NATO chief, Mr Stoltenberg, has convened a meeting of NATO ambassadors to assess the invasion of Ukraine, which borders several NATO members. The meeting will “address the situation in Ukraine and the consequences of Russia’s unprovoked attack”. British Prime Minister Johnson said the Russian president had chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction and the UK and its allies would respond decisively. The president of Romania has condemned Russia’s “reprehensible” attack on Ukraine and said that Mr Putin “threatens the peace of the entire planet”. Romania borders Ukraine and is a member of NATO and the European Union. Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said that Russia “chose the reprehensible and completely illegal path of massive armed violence against an independent and sovereign state”. Klaus Iohannis said that Romania, a country of about 19.5 million people, is ready to deal with economic and humanitarian consequences that the conflict could generate. Mr Putin went on TV before 6am in Moscow to declare: “I have decided to conduct a special military operation. We respect all the newly formed countries after the collapse of the Soviet Union. “You and I have been left with no opportunity to protect our people other than the one we use today.” People walk along a street with their luggage in Kyiv, Ukraine after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation on Ukraine. Picture: Reuters People walk along a street with their luggage in Kyiv, Ukraine after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation on Ukraine. Picture: Reuters Beijing urged restraint by all parties and repeated criticism that the US was to blame for hyping the prospect of war in Eastern Europe. China didnt wish to see what happened and urged all parties to give peace a chance, foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a regular briefing. Still, she noted that Russias defence ministry said it will not attack any cities while adding that Russia is independent and can set strategy based on its own interests. Hua also reiterated that China and Russia were strategic partners, and trade would continue as normal. Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine said today that they had captured the towns of Shchastia and Stanytsia Luhanska in Ukraines region of Luhansk, the RIA news agency reported. Smoke rises over the area near the town of Chasiv Yar in the Donetsk region, Ukraine. Picture: Reuters Smoke rises over the area near the town of Chasiv Yar in the Donetsk region, Ukraine. Picture: Reuters Meanwhile, Ukraines ambassador at the United Nations has told the Security Council that Mr Putin has declared war on Ukraine. He also pressed his Russian counterpart to state that Russia will not shell and bomb Ukrainian cities. Ukrainian ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya said that if Russian ambassador Vassily Nebenzia was not in a position to give a positive answer, he should relinquish the presidency of the Security Council, which Russia holds this month. The Ukrainian then asked for another emergency meeting of the Security Council, calling on the UN body to stop the war because its too late to talk about de-escalation. Mr Kyslytsya then asked if he should play the video of Mr Putin announcing military operations being launched in Ukraine. Mr Nebenzia replied: This isnt called a war. This is called a special military operation in Donbass. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Russias attack on Ukraine was the saddest moment of his five-year tenure. Mr Guterres urged the Russian president to withdraw his troops and added: In the name of humanity do not allow to start in Europe what could be the worst war since the beginning of the century, with consequences not only devastating for Ukraine, not only tragic for the Russian Federation, but with an impact we cannot even foresee in relation to the consequences for the global economy. People wait to return to the city at Kyiv Airport after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation on Ukraine. Picture: Reuters People wait to return to the city at Kyiv Airport after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation on Ukraine. Picture: Reuters What is clear for me is that this war doesnt make any sense, Mr Guterres added, stressing that it violates the UN Charter and would cause a level of suffering that Europe has not known since at least the 1990s Balkans crisis. Japan’s Prime Minister Fumio Kishida said Japan strongly condemns the one-sided actions of Russia, following reports that Russian forces had fired missiles at several Ukrainian cities. Kishida said he has instructed the relevant Japanese authorities to do everything possible to ensure the safety of Japanese nationals in Ukraine. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said his country is considering sanctions against 300 members of the Russian parliament over the attack on Ukraine. Mr Morrison also condemned Russia for the brutal and unprovoked attack, and said it should withdraw its troops. A Russian opposition activist called for anti-war protests in Russian cities. We will be cleaning up this mess for years to come. Not even us. But our children and grandchildren, Marina Litvinovich, the Moscow-based activist, wrote on Facebook. All we see is the agony of a dying man. Alas, Russia is in agony. Markets and economy Motorists are being warned . Oil prices jumped on Thursday, with Brent rising above $105 a barrel for the first time since 2014. Oil prices are soaring with no end in sight as the news of Russias full-scale military incursion of Ukraine, immediately putting at risk up to 1 million bpd (barrels per day) of Russian crude oil exports transitioning through Ukraine and the Black Sea, said Louise Dickson, senior oil market analyst at Rystad Energy. Average fuel prices at forecourts in Ireland are already at record highs, along with the cost of home heating, and the situation is expected to worsen as retailers pass on further rises in wholesale costs. AA president Edmund King said: Russias attack on Ukraine and resulting geopolitical uncertainty has pushed Brent crude above 100 US dollars per barrel for the first time since 2014. This will result in hikes in prices at the pumps. New record fuel prices are likely any time soon. Cars drive towards the exit of Kyiv after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation in eastern Ukraine. Picture: Reuters Cars drive towards the exit of Kyiv after Russian President Vladimir Putin authorised a military operation in eastern Ukraine. Picture: Reuters The websites of Ukraines defence, foreign and interior ministries were unreachable or slow to load on Thursday morning after a wave of distributed-denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks. In addition to DDoS attacks on Wednesday, cyber security researchers said unidentified attackers had infected hundreds of computers with destructive malware, some in neighbouring Latvia and Lithuania. Asked if the denial-of-service attacks were continuing on Thursday morning, senior Ukrainian cyber defence official Victor Zhora did not answer. Are you serious? he texted. There are ballistic missiles here. This is terrible. We need the world to stop it. Immediately, Mr Zhora said of the offensive that Russian President Putin announced before dawn. A protestor holds a banner at the protest outside the Russian Embassy against the invasion of Ukraine. Picture: Gerry Mooney A protestor holds a banner at the protest outside the Russian Embassy against the invasion of Ukraine. Picture: Gerry Mooney 
20220223_165637_ken_C000538_A000017	znewsafrica.com	https://znewsafrica.com/uncategorized/237014/financial-software-market-classification-opportunities-types-applications-status-and-forecast-to-2028-intuit-misys-ibm-oracle/	KEN	Global 2022 published by Global Market Vision, starts with market description, executive report, segmentation, and classification. The report offers a comprehensive analysis of the market so that readers can be guided about future opportunities and high-profit areas of the industry. The report provides a detailed analysis of the market structure considering the current market landscape, Leading Industry Share, upcoming market trends, leading market players, product type, application, and region. Development policies and plans are discussed, and manufacturing processes and industry chain structures are analyzed. This report also gives the import/export, supply, and consumption figures, as well as manufacturing costs and global revenues, and gross margin by region. Numerical data is backed up with statistical tools such as SWOT analysis, BCG matrix, SCOT analysis, and PESTLE analysis. Statistics are presented in graphical form to provide a clear understanding of the facts and figures. Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC, List of Tables & Figures, Chart) @: Key Players Mentioned in the Global Financial Software Market Research Report: Intuit, Misys, IBM, Oracle, Blackline Inc, SAP, BB&T Bank, DataArt, SunGard, NetSuite, Trendmicro, Beyondtrust, 4Fang, Yonyou, Kingdee. Global Financial Software Market Segmentation: Market Segmentation: By Type On-premise, Managed, Cloud-based Market Segmentation: By Application Banking, Insurance, Investing, Stock Brokerage, Accountancy, Others Report Objectives To define, describe, and forecast the 2028 Market by segments, and region To provide detailed information about the major factors (drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges) influencing the growth of the market To analyze the sub-segments with respect to individual growth trends, prospects, and contributions to the total market To analyze opportunities in the market for stakeholders and provide the competitive landscape of the market To forecast the revenues of the market segments with respect to the major regions, such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa, and South America To profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their recent developments and positioning in the virtual sensors market To analyze competitive developments, such as mergers and acquisitions, new Company developments, and Research and Development (R&D) activities, in the market COVID-19 Impact Report covers Impact of Coronavirus COVID-19: Since the COVID-19 virus outbreak in December 2019, the disease has spread to almost every country around the globe with the World Health Organization declaring it a public health emergency. The global impacts of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) are already starting to be felt, and will significantly affect the Retro Scooters Market in 2022. The outbreak of COVID-19 has brought effects on many aspects, like flight cancellations; travel bans and quarantines; restaurants closed; all indoor/outdoor events restricted; over forty countries state of emergency declared; massive slowing of the supply chain; stock market volatility; falling business confidence, growing panic among the population, and uncertainty about future. Reasons to Purchase the report: This report provides insights into the global Financial Software Market along with the latest market trends and future forecasts to illustrate the future investment pockets. The potential of the global Financial Software Market is determined by understanding the effective trends to increase the company’s position in the market. This market report provides insights and detailed impact analysis on key influencers, constraints and opportunities. Five Porter strengths analysis to demonstrate the strengths of suppliers and buyers. The latest developments, market shares and strategies used by key market players Table of Content: Chapter 1: Introduction, market driving force product Objective of Study and Research Scope Financial Software market Chapter 2: Exclusive Summary – the basic information of Financial Software Market. Chapter 3: Displaying the Market Dynamics- Drivers, Trends and Challenges of Financial Software Chapter 4: Presenting Financial Software Market Factor Analysis Porters Five Forces, Supply/Value Chain, PESTEL analysis, Market Entropy, Patent/Trademark Analysis. Chapter 5: Displaying the by Type, End User and Region 2015-2020 Chapter 6: Evaluating the leading manufacturers of Financial Software market which consists of its Competitive Landscape, Peer Group Analysis, BCG Matrix & Company Profile Chapter 7: To evaluate the market by segments, by countries and by manufacturers with revenue share and sales by key countries in these various regions. Chapter 8 & 9: Displaying the Appendix, Methodology and Data Source Conclusion: At the end of Financial Software Market report, all the findings and estimation are given. It also includes major drivers, and opportunities along with regional analysis. Segment analysis is also providing in terms of type and application both. Direct Purchase this Market Research Report Now @ If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report at a customized price. About Global Market Vision Global Market Vision consists of an ambitious team of young, experienced people who focus on the details and provide the information as per customer’s needs. Information is vital in the business world, and we specialize in disseminating it. Our experts not only have in-depth expertise, but can also create a comprehensive report to help you develop your own business. With our reports, you can make important tactical business decisions with the certainty that they are based on accurate and well-founded information. Our experts can dispel any concerns or doubts about our accuracy and help you differentiate between reliable and less reliable reports, reducing the risk of making decisions. We can make your decision-making process more precise and increase the probability of success of your goals. Contact Us Sarah Ivans | Business Development Phone: +1-3105055739 Email: Global Market Vision Website: 
20220223_165637_irl_C000541_A000012	www.irishmirror.ie	https://www.irishmirror.ie/news/irish-news/ireland-weather-met-eireann-forecasts-26324039	IRL	There will be sleet, snow and freezing conditions for some areas across Ireland on Thursday night before another big change to the weather within days. A Status Yellow wind warning for Donegal, Leitrim and Sligo ended at 8pm with gusts set to ease nationwide overnight. Met Eireann is forecasting temperatures as low as -2C with heavy showers of rain, hail and sleet continuing tonight with isolated thunderstorms possible. There will be clear spells and scattered showers of rain or sleet with snow possible on high ground overnight. Showers will mostly die out later and winds will ease, although it will be cold with lowest temperatures of -2 to 3 degrees with frost and icy patches It comes as Irelands weather is to change within days with milder albeit wetter conditions forecast. Snow, rain and strong winds will blast Ireland this week. (Image: Stephen Collins/Collins Photos) Meteorologists expect next week to be unsettled as an airflow and frontal system move across the country. A forecaster said for Friday until next Thursday: This week will be generally unsettled. High pressure will be centred across continental Europe while low pressure will dominate to the northwest. This will place Ireland in a southwesterly airflow through the period, steering frontal systems across the country. As a result, it will be a wetter week than normal with above average rainfall in all areas. It will also be slightly milder than normal. With these unsettled conditions, there is a chance that rain or wind warnings will be warranted. Before then, Friday morning will be cold and dry with sunny spells and any frost and ice will clear. It will stay dry and bright in many areas, but cloud will increase in the west and northwest, bringing patches of drizzle. A milder day with afternoon temperatures of 7 to 10 degrees, and mostly light to moderate breezes. A forecaster said: Cloud and patchy drizzle in the west will gradually extend to other areas overnight. Lowest temperatures of 4 to 8 degrees with moderate to fresh southerly winds developing. A member of the public walks through the snow during a storm in Scotland (Image: NurPhoto/PA Images) Mostly cloudy and breezy [on Saturday] with patchy drizzle in southern and western areas. Highest temperatures of 8 to 10 degrees with fresh to strong and gusty southerly winds. Rain will move eastwards across the country on Saturday night, followed by clear spells and scattered showers. Fresh to strong and gusty southerly winds will ease light to moderate and veer westerly with the clearance of the rain. Lowest temperatures of 3 to 7 degrees, coldest in the west later in the night. They continued: The rain will clear from the northeast and east on Sunday morning, leaving dry and bright weather. However, cloud will build in from the west during the afternoon and evening. Highest temperatures of 8 to 11 degrees with light to moderate westerly winds gradually backing southerly and increasing fresh to strong in the evening. Wet and windy as outbreaks of rain move eastwards across the country [on Sunday night], accompanied by fresh to strong southerly winds. Lowest temperatures of 4 to 8 degrees. The rain may be slow to clear from the south and east on Monday, but it will become drier and sunnier elsewhere, with just a few showers in the northwest. Highest temperatures of 9 to 11 degrees with fresh to strong south to southwest winds in the morning, gradually easing through the day. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220223_165637_nam_C000544_A000002	www.voanews.com	https://www.voanews.com/a/africa-opposes-border-aggression-but-unlikely-to-condemn-russia-/6457310.html	NAM	Nairobi — Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has so far been met with diplomatic silence in Africa, except for a comment made by Kenya’s ambassador to the UN earlier this week. Analysts say that while many Africans disagree with Russia’s use of force, the continent’s governments are aware of Russia’s power on the world stage. Ukraine’s ambassador to Kenya, Andrii Pravednyk, spoke to reporters in Nairobi and appealed to the international community to help his country against Russia’s invasion. Ukraine Ambassador to Kenya Andrii Pravednyk speaks during a news conference on Russias attack on Ukraine, at the Ukrainian embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, Feb. 24, 2022. “Today, the future of Europe and the future of the world is at stake. Today Ukraine calls on the international community to take the following actions, to implement devastating sanctions on Russia now without any delay,” he said. But so far, African governments have said nothing about the Russian aggression. One exception is Kenya, whose ambassador to the U.N., Martin Kimani, condemned the prospect of an invasion Monday, three days before Russian forces entered Ukraine. “Kenya rejects such a yearning from being pursued by force. We must complete our recovery from the embers of dead empires in a way that does not plunge us back into new forms of domination and oppression,” he said. Separately, South Africa issued a statement Wednesday urging Ukraine and Russia to find a way to de-escalate tensions. Steven Gruzd is the head of the Russia-Africa Program at the South African Institute of International Affairs. He says African states are well aware of Russia’s power in the international system. “African countries are mindful of the role Russia plays in international politics. It is a supporter without asking governance questions, without asking [about] the internal affairs of countries, he said. FILE - Russian President Vladimir Putin is seen on a tv camera while he delivers his statement to the media at the Russia-Africa summit in of Sochi, Oct. 24, 2019. (Alexei Druzhinin, Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP) There was a big Africa-Russia summit in 2019 in Sochi where 43 African leaders went. Russia is definitely wooing the continent and that may weigh on how critical countries are going to be, he said. But Grudz says in principle, African government oppose the idea of rearranging borders by force. “We were left with colonial borders at the end of the 19th century and when our countries became independent, we decided that we would respect those borders even though they cut off ethnic groups and language groups and so on. Otherwise, it’s a recipe for total disaster. So, I think the fact that there is some political affinity between Russia and African countries would probably make the statement more muted but African countries will stand for their principles and one of those is territorial integrity and sovereignty,” he said. Kenyan international relations expert Kizito Sabala says he doubts the Kenyan ambassador’s words at the U.N. will affect Nairobi’s relationship with Moscow. “Russia is going to ignore this statement just like any other from the U.S. or any other partner. They are just going to proceed with what they want to do and what they think is right but in terms of relations, I don’t think it is going to adversely affect Kenya-Russia relations,” he said. Russia has exerted increasing influence in Burkina Faso, the Central African Republic, Mali and Libya in recent years. Some governments have used Russian mercenaries to battle insurgent groups. The mercenaries are accused of widespread abuses against civilians. The Russian government denies any link to the mercenaries. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000544_A000025	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/film/2022/feb/24/jerry-lewis-co-stars-accuse-late-star-of-sexual-abuse	NAM	Former co-stars of the late actor and comedian have accused him of sexual assault and sexual harassment.The women all met Lewis when he was at the height of his Hollywood career. In an and accompanying short film, they allege Lewis – who died of natural causes in 2017 aged 91, had mistreated them.The story and film are based in part on interviews conducted by Emmy-winning film-makers, Amy Ziering and Kirby Dick, who have been investigating Hollywood’s long history of abuse. They found that some of the most explosive accusations involved Lewis.Among those interviewed are Hope Holiday, who starred alongside Lewis in The Ladies Man, Jill St John, who starred opposite Lewis in Who’s Minding the Store?, Anna Maria Alberghetti, who worked with him on Cinderfella, Karen Sharpe, who played Lewis’s love interest in The Disorderly Orderly, Oscar-nominated writer Renée Taylor, and singer Lainie Kazan.Sharpe, now 87, alleged that after a costume fitting in his office in 1964, Lewis physically assaulted her. “He grabbed me. He began to fondle me. He unzipped his pants. Quite frankly, I was dumbstruck,” she said.“I put my hand up and said, ‘Wait a minute. I don’t know if this is a requirement for your leading ladies, but this is something I don’t do.’ I could see that he was furious. I got the feeling that that never really happened to him.”Sharpe alleged that after she rebuffed Lewis, he refused to rehearse with her and forbade the entire production, bar the director and assistant director, from speaking to her. “If anyone speaks to you … we’ll be fined,” a crew member allegedly told her.Holiday, 91, said she had known Lewis since she was 13 but was in her early 30s when he allegedly invited her to his dressing room, locked her in and began to “talk dirty” and masturbate.“He said, ‘You’ve got a great figure, you’ve got nice boobs, you’ve got lovely legs. That’s what I like to see,’” Holiday said. “I didn’t know what to do, so I just sat there. I wanted to leave so badly. I wanted to get out of there, and I couldn’t.”She said the incident made her depressed. “I didn’t want to go on dates. It wasn’t good.”Holiday said her friends urged her to report Lewis to the Screen Actors Guild but she was too afraid. “He was very big at Paramount. I was under contract to him and to Paramount, and I didn’t want to shake the boat. I figured I’ll just keep my mouth shut.”Taylor, 88, said she was in her 20s when Lewis arranged a meeting for her with Paramount executives, who immediately asked her if she was “one of Jerry’s Girls”. When she said no, she alleges they began speaking crudely about her anatomy and that of Lewis.“They said, ‘Well, how big is your pussy? Jerry has a salami and will use it on a girl’,” Taylor said.Lewis’s comedy and singing duo with Dean Martin propelled him to stardom on par with Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley. He married singer Patti Palmer in 1944 and the couple had six children together. He later adopted another child with his second wife, SanDee Pitnick.In 1959, at the age of 33, he signed a seven-year contract with Paramount for $10m, the largest contract of its kind between a studio and performer at the time.The Vanity Fair film, titled The Dark Side of a Hollywood Icon, was released on Wednesday. 
20220223_165637_phl_C000548_A000019	techcrunch.com	https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/24/clubhouse-in-room-chat/	PHL	The voice-first social network has finally introduced a way for longtime lurkers to get in on the action. Clubhouse announced , adding a text chat feature into its voice rooms that’s akin to what people might see on YouTube or Twitch. In-room chat is an optional feature, so anyone running a conversation on Clubhouse can toggle the option on when they kick off a room. When enabled, the button to access the chat box will live on the bottom left of the app, represented by a speech bubble next to the “clips” and “share” icons. Image Credits: Clubhouse Clubhouse calls the text chat option “another touchpoint” between creators on the platform and audience members. Like the additional of a it’s definitely a move toward expanding the app beyond its laser focus on audio — and also one toward making Clubhouse more accessible for more people. Many other social platforms have a running text chat box that accompanies content, so it’s also something people who consume content on more mature platforms have come to expect. As far as content moderation goes, anyone can long press their username and report or block them them directly from chat. If you’re running a room on Clubhouse, you can appoint moderators to delete messages or kick disruptive participants out. Text chat will live on in archive form alongside the audio content of a room after it’s ended, but users won’t be able to keep participating in the chat after the fact. Clubhouse says that the feature is rolling out now on both iOS and Android, so if you’re keen to take your lurking to the next level you can hop into the apps and try it out. 
20220223_165637_uga_C000549_A000019	www.polygon.com	https://www.polygon.com/22949594/activision-blizzard-shareholder-lawsuit-sec-violation	UGA	An Activision Blizzard shareholder filed a lawsuit against the game publisher over alleged Securities Exchange Act violations in its proposed plan for . The lawsuit, filed by shareholder Kyle Watson, was filed in California on Thursday. Watson’s lawyers called Activision Blizzard’s plan for the sale, outlined in a , “unfair for a number of reasons” — one of which, lawyers said, is that the board is looking to “procure for themselves and senior management [...] significant and immediate benefits.” The lawsuit calls into question potential conflicts of interest, specifically that the deal “is not in the best interest” of Activision Blizzard, Watson, nor company stockholders, and “will produce lucrative benefits for the [Activision Blizzard’s] officers and directors.” It also referenced the that some executives, like CEO Bobby Kotick, would receive should he be fired. The SEC filing, called a 14A, includes information necessary before shareholders vote in agreement. Elsewhere in the filing, Watson’s lawyers allege that Activision Blizzard’s Feb. 18 SEC filing is “materially misleading and incomplete,” violating the Exchange Act. It calls out missing information in the SEC filing relating to the “ad hoc committee” that ran the sales process, as well as information about “post-transaction employment” and other relevant data. Watson is looking for the court to order Activision Blizzard to release a new SEC preliminary proxy statement that includes more facts and no “untrue statements.” Should the proposed transaction go through, Watson is looking for “rescissory damages.” As part of the proposed transaction, , Microsoft is slated to buy Activision Blizzard for $95 per share, for a total cost of $68.7 billion, the largest acquisition in Microsoft’s history. Activision Blizzard through the merger, despite over his involvement in Activision Blizzard’s . Kotick and the company are already under investigation with the SEC, . The Microsoft acquisition is also expected to be reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission, . Microsoft intends to close this deal by the end of June 2023. Activision Blizzard shareholders are also suing the company, in a separate case filed in August 2021, alleging that corporate leaders’ caused the company’s shares to lose value. The company has also been , as the company and workers testify in a National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) hearing to define a union for QA workers. Update: An Activision Blizzard spokesperson provided the following comment to Polygon: “We disagree with the allegations made in this complaint and look forward to presenting our arguments to the Court.” Update (Feb. 25): A second shareholder lawsuit and its board of directors, this time in a New York court. The plaintiff, Shiva Stein, is bringing similar complaints to the court: Specifically, that Activision Blizzard’s proxy disclosures aren’t good enough. Of note regarding Stein, however, is that she’s reportedly one of the most “prolific” securities plaintiffs in the United States — second only to the Securities and Exchange Commission itself, . Legal data company Lex Machina reported in 2021 that Stein filed 124 securities lawsuits from 2018 and 2020. Half of the lawsuits she’s filed in 2021 have since been dismissed voluntarily, Reuters said. Stein’s lawyer told Reuters it was because the “defendant corporations made corrective disclosures that more fully informed public shareholders.” Update (March 8): Since the initial two filings in February, four more stockholders have filed separate lawsuits accusing Activision Blizzard of violating the Securities and Exchange Act. Activision Blizzard is now facing six lawsuits on this issue — three in New York, one in Pennsylvania, and two in California. Reached for comment, an Activision Blizzard spokesperson pointed Polygon to the company’s original statement. “We disagree with the allegations made in this complaint and look forward to presenting our arguments to the Court,” the spokesperson wrote. [Disclosure: Casey Wasserman is on the board of directors for Activision Blizzard as well as the board of directors of Vox Media, Polygon’s parent company.] 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000551_A000034	gizmodo.com	https://gizmodo.com/nasa-outlines-final-steps-before-launch-of-artemis-1-f-1848590717	BWA	In a press conference Thursday, NASA described the final steps in anticipation of the Artemis 1 uncrewed test flight, which set to occur this spring. The immediate focus is on a “wet dress rehearsal” of the Orion spacecraft that is scheduled for mid-March. Eventually, the Artemis program aims to put humans on the Moon for the first time this century. The next test will involve rolling the Orion spacecraft and the giant Space Launch System rocket out to the launchpad at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Once in place, the rocket stage will be filled with fuel and the NASA team will test its countdown, stopping just short of the big T-minus zero. NASA has been testing and retesting these elements for years, including for its return to Earth. Earlier this week, NASA announced that engine tests of SLS had after a mishap late last year.“The crawler-transporter will transport… an over 17-million-pound stack to launch complex 39B,” Mike Bolger, exploration ground system program manager at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center, said in the press conference. “The top of the umbilical tower will be over 400 feet off the ground when it’s riding on top of the crawler-transporter, so it’s really going to be a sight.”The transport will tentatively begin at 6:00 p.m. EST on March 17, Bolger said. Ordinarily, these procedures (called “rollout”) would kickoff at midnight, but the NASA team wanted more people to be able to experience the gargantuan task in real time. NASA workers will remove 20 large platforms—10 on either side of the rocket, each as large as a basketball court—before the transport. The platforms allow engineers access to different parts of the spacecraft. G/O Media may get a commissionExperience Next-Level SoundSpatial audio with dynamic head tracking provides theater-like sound that surrounds you<U+FEFF>The crawler-transporter truly crawls along the ground; its speed will vary from 0.1 miles per hour to 0.82 miles per hour. It will take the transporter over 11 hours to traverse less than 5 miles to the launchpad.Once SLS and Orion are at the pad, the wet dress rehearsal will take place. The rocket will be filled with propellant—liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen—and the team will do a countdown, though they will scrub before launch. Then, the team will detank and leave the vehicle on the pad.Uncertainty remains about the date of Artemis 1, the test flight. “We continue to evaluate the May window, but we’re also recognizing that there’s a lot of work in front of us and we need to get through that testing,” said Tom Whitmeyer, the deputy associate administrator for exploration systems development at NASA.While it’s a little frustrating not to know the big day, NASA’s hesitancy is well-founded. Deadlines have a bad habit of getting pushed back in spaceflight; the inaugural launch of SLS was . So for now, we’ll have to keep our eyes on the wet dress rehearsal next month.The Artemis program is a series of missions leading up to a crewed Moon landing. The missions are intended to include some historic firsts, including the first woman and person of color on the Moon, and have a slew of scientific goals. But before the first crewed mission, Artemis 2, the uncrewed Artemis 1 will need to make it past the Moon and back.More: 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000551_A000035	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220224140853.htm	BWA	An anti-tumor drug promotes weight loss in mice at low doses by activating a natural hunger-suppressing pathway, according to a new study publishing Feb. 24 in the open-access journal PLOS Biology by Jiang Wei Wu and colleagues at Northwest A&F University in Shaanxi, China. The results provide a promising new avenue for development of anti-obesity treatments. Growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15) is a hormone that circulates in response to a wide variety of stimuli, including stress. Previous work has shown that elevation of GDF15 leads to a drop in body weight, while suppression of it leads to obesity. To search for drugs that could increase GDF15 production, the authors turned to the Connectivity Map, a database of gene expression profiles of human cells in response to drug exposure. They found that cells exposed to a drug called camptothecin increased their expression of GDF15. Camptothecin is derived from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata, and is a known inhibitor of a DNA repair enzyme (hence its use as an anti-tumor drug). In obese mice, the authors showed that oral administration of camptothecin rapidly elevated the level of GDF15 in the blood, and over the course of 30 days, reduced food intake by about 12% and body weight by about 11%. In contrast, in lean mice, camptothecin did not elevate GDF15 and there was no effect on either food intake or body weight. Camptothecins effect was specific to GDF15, and GDF15 exerted its effect through its receptor, called GFRAL, the team showed, since an antibody against GDF15 prevented the weight loss, as did knocking down GFRAL expression. Camptothecin has been studied in anti-cancer trials, but was ultimately set aside due to safety concerns. Its safety as an anti-obesity drug has yet to be determined, Wu said, but noted that the dose used in this study, if scaled up to a human, would be about one-thirtieth of the lowest dose used in human anti-cancer trials. Additionally, the anti-obesity mechanism appears to be separate from the anti-cancer mechanism, which involves blocking the function of the DNA-repair enzyme topoisomerase, and to function at a much lower drug concentration. We believe our results convincingly argue that camptothecin may have therapeutic benefits for obesity and its associated metabolic disorders, Wu says. Further study is needed to evaluate its efficacy and safety in advanced models to increase the translational impact. Wu adds, In this study, by using in silico drug-screening approach, we discovered that Camptothecin (CPT), a previously identified anti-tumor drug by the US National Cancer Institute, is a GDF15 inducer. CPT elevates circulating GDF15 via activation of hepatic ISR pathway, this activates the GDF15 receptor GFRAL in the hindbrain AP, which subsequently suppresses food intake and reduces body weight in obese mice. Story Source: Materials provided by . Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000555_A000035	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220223202818.htm	NAM	Eating meat five times or less per week is associated with a lower overall cancer risk, according to a study published in the open access journal BMC Medicine. Cody Watling and colleagues from the University of Oxford, UK investigated the relationship between diet and cancer risk by analysing data collected from 472,377 British adults who were recruited to the UK Biobank between 2006 and 2010. Participants, who were aged between 40 and 70 years, reported how frequently they ate meat and fish and the researchers calculated the incidence of new cancers that developed over an average period of 11 years using health records. They accounted for diabetes status and sociodemographic, socioeconomic and lifestyle factors in their analyses. 247,571 (52%) of participants ate meat more than five times per week, 205,382 (44%) of participants ate meat five or less times per week, 10,696 (2%) ate fish but not meat, and 8,685 (2%) were vegetarian or vegan. 54,961 participants (12%) developed cancer during the study period. The researchers found that the overall cancer risk was 2% lower among those who ate meat five times or less per week, 10% lower among those who ate fish but not meat, and 14% lower among vegetarians and vegans, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. When comparing the incidence of specific cancers with participants diet, the authors found that those who ate meat five times or less per week had a 9% lower risk of colorectal cancer, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. They also found that the risk of prostate cancer was 20% lower among men who ate fish but not meat and 31% lower among men who followed a vegetarian diet, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. Post-menopausal women who followed a vegetarian diet had an 18% lower risk of breast cancer than those who ate meat more than five times per week. However, the findings suggest that this was due to vegetarian women tending to have a lower body mass index (BMI) than women who ate meat. The researchers caution that the observational nature of their study does not allow for conclusions about a causal relationship between diet and cancer risk. Additionally, as UK Biobank dietary data was collected at a single time-point, rather than over a continuous period of time, it may not be representative of participants lifetime diets. The authors suggest that future research could investigate the associations between diets containing little or no meat and the risk of individual cancers in larger populations with longer follow-up periods. Story Source: provided by . Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220223_165637_tza_C000563_A000007	www.thecitizen.co.tz	https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/supplement/japan-s-rich-tradition-and-history-with-tanzania-3728468	TZA	The Emperor’s Birthday is a national holiday in the Japanese calendar celebrated on the birthday of the reigning Emperor, which is currently 23 February, as His Majesty the 126th Emperor Naruhito was born on that day in 1960. The new reign era “Reiwa” under His Majesty the Emperor started on 1 May 2019.On 22 October in 2019, members of the royal families and other global leaders from across the world attended “Sokui no Rei”, the Ceremony of Accession. Tanzania was very well represented by Hon. Capt. George Huruma Mkuchika (MP) Minister of State, Office of the President.Members of the Japanese Imperial Family have visited Tanzania and cherish fond memories of this beautiful country with rich culture and tradition. Their Imperial Highnesses Crown Prince, Crown Princess Akishino and their family.Our Emperor Emeritus and Empress Emerita, parents of His Majesty the Emperor, still vividly remember their visit in Tanzania in 1983. It was impressive for them to learn from the first President Julius Nyerere how rich the Swahili language is in its vocabulary.In July 2014, Their Imperial Highnesses Crown Prince Fumihito and Crown Princess Kiko Akishino also visited Tanzania and were fascinated by the people and nature of this country. Since the reign era Reiwa, His Imperial Highness has assumed the position of the Imperial Heir, Crown Prince, and the Ceremonies for Proclamation of Crown Prince took place on 8 November, 2020. Their first son, His Imperial Highness Prince Hisahito is attending Ochanomizu University Junior High School.Japan and TanzaniaFor Japan, Tanzania is geo-graphically one of the closest countries in the African continent and many Japanese feel even closer to their hearts. The kindness and warmth of Tanzanians is quite like that of the people of Japan.Today, celebrating the Japan’s national day, let’s look at Japan and its friendly relationship with Tanzania in over the past 60 years. Japan provides supports to Tanzania’s nation-building efforts in a way that respects the ownership of Tanzania through dialogue with the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania, based on the principles of Human Security with a central concept of “leaving no one left behind.” The inauguration ceremony of the New Bagamoyo Road Phase 2 (From right to left: H.E. Samia Suluhu Hassan, President of the United Republic of Tanzania, H.E. Shinichi Goto, Ambassador of Japan, Hon. Prof. Makame Mbarawa, Minister for Works and Transport and Mr. Naofumi Yamamura, Chief Representative of JICA Tanzania Office).Since 1962, the Government of Japan has implemented development cooperation in various fields that have significantly contributed to building peace, stability and prosperity in Tanzania.The amount of Official Development Assistance (ODA) has been accumulated total 350 billion JPY (Tsh 70 trillion) over the decades, making Tanzania the largest beneficiary in Sub-Saharan Africa. The priority areas include infrastructure, industrialization and improvement of public service. The geographical location of Dar es Salaam allows it to play a significant role in linking up other neighboring countries with the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Hence, improving transportation capacity in the city of Dar es Salaam means bringing rap-id economic growth not only to Tanzania but also to other countries in East African community and beyond.In December 2021, the inauguration ceremony for the Project for Widening New Bagamoyo Road (Phase 2), the Mwenge – Morocco stretch was taken place attended by H.E. Samia Suluhu Hassan as the guest of honour.This project will be a model of a high-quality road infrastructure. Earlier this month, Japan signed two ODA loan projects namely Arusha-Holili Road Improvement Project (24.310 billion Yen approx. Tsh 492 billion) and Zanzibar Urban Water Distribution Facilities Improvement Project (10.864 billion Yen = Tsh 221 billion) as well as one grant aid project for Rehabilitation of Kigoma Port (2.726 billion Yen approx. 55 billion TZS).These three projects are a part of the pledges of TICAD7, showing Japan’s full commitment to contribute to the investment in quality infrastructure to enhance connectivity, Human Security and Sustainable Development Goals.New dimension of bilateral relationsWith the 60 years of friend-ship, Japan looks forward to further strengthening the ties with Tanzania. In this regard, the Eighth Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD8) is key, which is to be held in Tunisia this year. In light of its successful history of over a quarter of a century, TICAD is gaining more significance as a summit-level conference where all the stakeholders get together to discuss development issues in Africa.New technologies like mobile money and internet-based transactions, for example, have positively changed the economy and been creating job opportunities in the region.However, the continent is also facing various challenges. Especially, COV-ID-19 has revealed Africa’s vulnerability including in the field of health and medical sectors. Digital transformation of the society, accelerated through the pandemic, should also include African countries.Besides that, it is essential to address the glob-al environmental issues such as climate change and conversation of biodiversity, which no one country can tackle by itself.With not only focusing on the abovementioned challenges but also considering development potentials like promotion of digital economy, Japan will continue supporting African-led development through people, technology and innovation. TICAD8 will provide ample opportunities for us to discuss all these issues towards brighter future. 
20220223_165637_tza_C000563_A000033	www.digitaltrends.com	https://www.digitaltrends.com/news/black-in-space-nasa-history/	TZA	When you think about America’s space program, your mind probably jumps to Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walking on the moon, the space race between America and the USSR, or perhaps some of the agency’s famous crafts like the space shuttle or the . But behind all those iconic moments, memories, and machines is NASA’s unique place in America’s racial struggle. Over the course of its history, NASA has both participated in racial discrimination and contributed to the fight against it. Like many other places in America, the agency that later became NASA, called the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA), participated in racial segregation. That when it became NASA in 1958, but the underlying racial issues of its past echoed for years to come. As a result, Black Americans didn’t generally get the same opportunities as their white counterparts at NASA in its early years, but that began to slowly change as the Kennedy and Johnson administrations started to make NASA part of the fight for civil rights. Under these administrations, NASA in the South, and since then, countless black Americans have helped shape the United States space program. To learn more about these influential people and their stories, we spoke to Dr. Cathleen Lewis, a curator at the National Air and Space Museum. Here are a few of the individuals she highlighted. The astronauts Ed Dwight Bettmann Archive/Getty Images Ed Dwight was the first Black American to be considered for a spot in NASA’s astronaut corps. The Kennedy administration selected Dwight to go through pre-astronaut training because he was a talented pilot in the U.S. Air Force. Lewis tells Digital Trends that this was viewed as a big deal at the time. “He didn’t make it through the screening, but it was a celebrated episode,” Lewis says. “He had been nominated to go through the screening through pressures from the White House.” No Black American had ever been a candidate for the astronaut program before, so Dwight’s candidacy helped open that door. Since then, Dwight has held down a mind-bogglingly wide variety of different occupations. He was a systems engineer for IBM, an aviation consultant, a real estate developer, and even a restauranteur. For the past few decades, however, he’s focused his mind on art. Today, he’s an accomplished and highly prolific sculptor. Robert Lawrence Smith Collection/Gado/Getty Images Walking through the doors that Dwight flung open was Robert Lawrence, America’s first Black astronaut. He was selected by the U.S. Air Force to become a member of a group of aerospace research pilots for the (MOL) Program. “Lawrence unfortunately died in December of 1967,” Lewis says. “Had he lived, he would have been transferred to NASA as a NASA astronaut candidate and would have been the first black man to fly in space.” Lawrence was in the back seat of a Lockheed F-104 Starfighter at Edwards Air Force Base in California when it crashed due to the pilot making an error during a test flight. Guion S. Bluford NASA/Interim Archives/Getty Images Guion S. Bluford was an Air Force pilot, and in 1978, he was selected to be an astronaut — eventually becoming the Black American to go to space. “The class of 1978 was the first class of NASA astronauts that included women and minorities. There were three black men, six women, and one Asian man in that class,” Lewis says. “He became the first Black U.S. citizen in space. His flight was preempted by the Soviet launch of … Cuban Arnaldo Tamayo Méndez, who’s accepted as the first Black man in space.” Bluford went to space in the Challenger space shuttle in August 1983. He was part of what was known as the STS-8 mission, which deployed an Indian communications and weather observation satellite, tested various technologies in orbit, and attempted a number of scientific experiments. Beyond the astronauts Astronauts tend to get all of the attention because they’re seen as the brave space adventurers, but Lewis notes that many Black Americans have played important but less publicly visible roles in NASA’s achievements. “People think of astronauts when they think of NASA and going into space. They don’t think of that army of scientists, engineers, and technicians that are behind it,” Lewis says. “You have to consider the Black engineers who were breaking into the aerospace industry when it had largely been segregated.” Vance H. Marchbank Jr. There are many Black Americans who were pivotal in NASA missions, but aren’t as well known as the astronauts. One such example is Col. Vance H. Marchbank Jr. — the Black flight surgeon in the Air Force. Marchbank wasn’t on the front lines himself, but he did play a critical role in one of NASA’s most historic moments: The first orbit of Earth by a human. As John Glenn circled the planet on February 20, 1962, Marchbank was the man on the ground monitoring his vital signs and making sure his capsule remained safe throughout the journey. “He had been detailed back to NASA during the Mercury program, and he monitored John’s telemetry from Nigeria during his flight,” Lewis says. Later in his career, Marchbank helped develop the moon suit and backpacks that were used in the Apollo missions. Charles Bolden Charles Bolden became an astronaut in 1980, and he was part of four separate missions to space — including the mission that successfully deployed the Hubble space telescope in 1990. But Bolden did more with NASA than go on spacewalks and launch satellites into orbit. In 2009, he became the first Black man to serve as administrator of NASA, after President Barack Obama selected him for the job. Lewis says Bolden has always been an interesting figure. “He never dreamed of spaceflight as a child. He always wanted to be a pilot,” Lewis says. “He considers himself a pilot, first and foremost, and not an astronaut.” Today’s NASA pioneers Black Americans are still making history in space today. For instance, Sian Proctor became the first Black woman to pilot a spacecraft just and NASA astronaut Jessica Watkins is set to become the first Black woman to undertake a mission on the International Space Station later . She’ll be spending six months in the microgravity laboratory on the ISS. Looking to the future, there’s been a lot of talk about NASA’s mission, which will take humans to the moon for the first time since 1972. It’s been that a woman and person of color will be stepping onto the moon for the first time, but NASA hasn’t officially confirmed any crew details at this point. “NASA has committed to landing the first woman and the first person of color on the moon as part of Artemis. We have not yet made specific crew assignments for any of the crewed missions,” a NASA spokesperson tells Digital Trends. Lewis says she feels it’s important that NASA make sure that a person of color is part of the next mission to the moon. “For NASA to be a sincere American effort, it would have to have a person of color,” Lewis says. Editors Recommendations 
20220223_165637_idn_C000568_A000007	en.antaranews.com	https://en.antaranews.com/news/217069/indonesians-urged-to-join-fight-against-covid-hoaxes-minister	IDN	Jakarta (ANTARA) - Communication and Informatics Minister Johnny G. Plate has said that aside from the government, the community also plays a vital role in the fight against COVID-19-related hoaxes that continue to spread in the midst of the pandemic. We continue the efforts to track and handle hoaxes related to COVID-19, and we are also cooperating with many parties, including social media platforms. However, it is undeniable that the role of the community is still needed so that hoaxes can immediately be stemmed, he said in a press release quoted on Thursday. After two years of the COVID-19 pandemic, the spread of disinformation, hoaxes, and false information related to COVID-19 remains a concern that needs to be monitored. Even though the public understanding of COVID-19 issues is improving, the number of hoaxes and their distributions continue to rise and can cause misunderstandings among people. The minister noted that in the period of January 23, 2020, to February 23, 2022, the Ministry of Communication and Informatics has found 2,125 COVID-19-related hoaxes, with a total number of distributions reaching 5,573 distributions on various social media. Most of the distribution of hoaxes takes place on Facebook, then other social media. We will continue to follow this up, he said. Related news: As for hoaxes related to the COVID-19 vaccine, 465 hoaxes were found, reaching 2,650 distributions, he added. According to the minister, hoaxes that continue to spread can hamper the handling of COVID-19 in the country. In line with the governments efforts to prevent hoaxes from spreading, the community is expected to study information and carefully access it from reliable sources. Let us support the handling of the pandemic, including anticipating the third wave, by fighting and not spreading false news about COVID-19. This requires everyones participation, Plate noted. Related news: 
20220223_165637_lva_C000569_A000022	9to5mac.com	https://9to5mac.com/2022/02/24/app-store-spending-is-twice-as-much-as-google-play/	LVA	Worldwide consumer spending in mobile apps reached an all-time high in 2021. Data from shows that App Store users spent more than double the amount of money on subscription services that Google Play users did. Worldwide, the top 100 non-game subscription apps on the produced $13.5 billion. That’s nearly three times as much as Google Play’s revenue of $4.8 billion. However, Google Play saw significantly more growth, as it increased 78% since 2020. App Store spending had seen a 31% year-over-year increase from $10.3 billion. YouTube was the top subscription app in the App Store in both the US and the rest of the world. It generated $1.2 billion worldwide with $566.5 million of that within the US. Tinder was the second most popular subscription app in both categories. How will this data shift in the future? Subscription services are continuing to gain traction as consumers view premium content on platforms like HBO Max, Amazon, and Netflix, among others. Social media platforms like Twitter, TikTok, and Instagram are creating their own subscription models to encourage content creation and consumption. With this in mind, we are likely to see an uptick in App Store spending on subscription apps in the near future. FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. VIDEO 
20220223_165637_can_C000598_A000012	www.aljazeera.com	https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2022/2/24/dow-plunges-800-points-at-open-as-russia-attacks-ukraine	CAN	By Isabelle Lee and Sunil JagtianiBloombergPublished On 24 Feb 202224 Feb 2022Global stocks tumbled Thursday while bonds and oil soared as Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to order a military attack on Ukraine cast a pall over global markets. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 slid, with the latter down 3.2%, putting the gauge at risk of a bear market. The Stoxx 600 Europe index shed 3.8% and Asian equities fell to the lowest since 2020. Russian shares slumped the most on record after a trading suspension ended. Russian military vehicles breached the Kyiv region from Belarus to the north, Ukrainian officials said, after tanks reportedly rolled earlier into Ukraine from Crimea. Putin said Russia doesn’t plan to “occupy” its neighbor but that action was necessary after the U.S. and its allies crossed Russia’s “red line” by expanding the NATO alliance. Western powers condemned the military incursion and vowed to step up penalties on Russia — President Joe Biden said the U.S. and its allies will impose “severe sanctions.” European leaders are planning sanctions that will target Russian banks. The government in Kyiv called it a “full-scale invasion” as it declared martial law and called for international support including harsher sanctions on Russia. “The invasion is a worse scenario than some investors anticipated. That’s why we are seeing the negative reaction,” said Keith Lerner, chief market strategist at Truist Advisory Services. “It caught some investors off-guard.” Crude and European natural gas surged on possible risks to Russian energy exports, with Brent futures trading as high as $105 a barrel and benchmark West Texas Intermediate crossing $100. The flight to safety saw the U.S. 10-year Treasury yield tumble 10 basis points to under 1.9%. Gold hit the highest since September 2020. The dollar and yen jumped, while the euro and commodity-linked currencies retreated. The ruble reached a record low versus the greenback and the Bank of Russia said it will conduct foreign-exchange interventions. The cost of raw materials and food ballooned on worries that flows will be disrupted by the unfolding crisis. Ukraine is a major grain exporter and sanctions could isolate Russia, a commodity powerhouse. Natural gas in Europe rose as much as 42% while metals also spiked, piling on inflationary pressures. “Oil and particularly gas prices will now remain sustainably high,” wrote a team of Jefferies strategists including Sean Darby. “Inflation pressures will mount further, forcing central banks into an ugly tightening cycle.” That backdrop heralds fresh challenges for a global recovery that was already struggling with elevated price pressures and tightening monetary policy. Money market indicators for inflation expectations are rearing up again. Two-year breakeven rates on U.S. Treasury inflation-protected securities — or the difference between those yields and the ones on typical Treasuries — climbed to the highest since Bloomberg started compiling the data in 2004. “This is a triple-hit to the global economy, with a toxic combination of higher inflation, lower economic growth, and greater uncertainty,” Ben Laidler, global markets strategist at eToro, said. “The only silver lining is growth is strong, a buffer to any slowdown, and policymakers and investors already prepared for high inflation.” Investors remain worried that Fed tightening could choke the expansion in the world’s largest economy. Six quarter-point hikes are still expected by the Federal Reserve, five by the Bank of England and one by the European Central Bank by year-end. That’s in line with what was priced in before the attack on Ukraine. In cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin slid to about $35,400 amid risk aversion. The second-largest token Ether also suffered heavy losses as the most speculative areas of markets were worst-hit. The escalation by Russia “will spur further risk-off moves into safe-haven assets, considering that the situation will remain volatile with retaliation measures coming from Western powers,” said Jun Rong Yeap, a strategist at IG Asia Pte. Here are some events to watch this week: EIA crude oil inventory report Thursday Fed officials Loretta Mester and Raphael Bostic speak Thursday U.S. consumer income, U.S. durable goods, PCE deflator, University of Michigan consumer sentiment Friday Some of the main moves in markets: Stocks The S&P 500 fell 2.5% as of 9:30 a.m. New York time The Nasdaq 100 fell 2.6% The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 2.3% The Stoxx Europe 600 fell 3.9% The MSCI World index fell 1.6% Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 1% The euro fell 1.4% to $1.1151 The British pound fell 1.5% to $1.3345 The Japanese yen was little changed at 114.97 per dollar Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasuries declined 10 basis points to 1.89% Germany’s 10-year yield declined eight basis points to 0.14% Britain’s 10-year yield declined eight basis points to 1.40% Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude rose 7.6% to $99.11 a barrel Gold futures rose 2.4% to $1,956.60 an ounce–With assistance from Abhishek Vishnoi, Ishika Mookerjee, Farah Elbahrawy, Emily Graffeo, Joanna Ossinger and Andreea Papuc. 
20220223_165637_can_C000598_A000026	etcanada.com	https://etcanada.com/news/870632/halyna-hutchins-husband-matt-recalls-the-heartbreaking-moment-he-had-to-tell-their-9-year-old-son-that-his-mom-had-been-killed/	CAN	Matt Hutchins, husband of the late cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, spoke candidly to Hoda Kotb about the moment he learned of his wife’s tragic death in a new interview with NBC News’ “Today”. Halyna was shot and killed by a bullet from a prop gun on October 21 while on the set of “Rust” at Bonanza Creek Ranch near Santa Fe, New Mexico. She was 42. Actor Alec Baldwin was holding the prop gun when it fired but has insisted he never pulled the trigger. Matt relived the heartbreaking moment he had to tell the couple’s nine-year-old son Aldous what had happened. “A member of the production team told me that Halyna had been shot and my heart sank right away. Completely inexplicable to me that it could’ve happened at that moment. “The first thing I thought… I sat down and I said, ‘I have to get my son.’ I had to be with him. “I rushed home and on the way decided that we had to go to Santa Fe. When I got through to the doctor and spoke with him, he detailed exactly what had happened and that she didn’t survive… I was heartbroken.” READ MORE: Matt continued, “I knew that I had to tell my son right away, just had to be very direct and blunt,” insisting he didn’t want the youngster to get his hopes up thinking they were going to spend time with Halyna. He said of Aldous’s reaction, “Of course, he didn’t believe it right away… he didn’t want to believe it,” admitting every single holiday will be incredibly hard without his wife. During the interview, When asked if he’d seen Alec’s TV interview with “Good Morning America” co-anchor George Stephanopoulos, he replied: “Yeah. But watching him I just felt so angry. “I was just so angry to see him talk about her death so publicly, in such a detailed way and then to not accept any responsibility after having just described killing her.” READ MORE: He said of whether he thinks the majority of the blame lays on Alec, “The idea that the person holding the gun causing it to discharge is not responsible, is absurd to me. “But gun safety was not the only problem on that set. There were a number of industry standards that were not practised and there’s multiple responsible parties.” 
20220223_165637_can_C000598_A000037	www.prpeak.com	https://www.prpeak.com/highlights/adhd-linked-to-air-pollution-lack-of-green-space-in-sweeping-metro-vancouver-study-5098264	CAN	A study tracing the early lives of roughly 30,000 children in Metro Vancouver has found lower access to green space and increased levels of air pollution lead to higher levels of ADHD The less air pollution and more green space a child is exposed to, the less likely they are to develop attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), a sweeping Metro Vancouver-wide study has found. The pathbreaking , published in the journal Environment International, followed a cohort of nearly 30,000 children born in 2000 and 2001. Tracing a three-year exposure period, researchers from the University of British Columbia analyzed the combined impacts of satellite-measured green space, noise and concentrations of fine particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometres (PM 2.5) on the development of ADHD. Seven years after the exposure period, over 1,200 ADHD cases were diagnosed. Noise was found to have no effect. But lower the amount of green space or increase the levels of air pollution, and the twin effects can heighten the risk of ADHD by up to 62 per cent, found researchers. The result: children living in greener neighbourhoods with low air pollution had substantially lower risk of ADHD compared to those with higher air pollution and lower green space exposure, concluded the study. “I was surprised that we saw this much of a difference,” said Michael Brauer, a co-author on the study and a researcher examining the built environment and human health at UBC’s School of Population and Public Health. “Given that theres not a lot of things about ADHD that we can change at a societal level, it is a pretty big effect.” PM2.5 is the main constituent of , something only in the coming decades. Outside of the fire season, Metro Vancouver says its also produced through the burning of fossil fuels in everything from transportation, industry and agriculture. It has been considered a carcinogen since 2013. Across the world, the World Health Organization estimates almost 80 per cent of the deaths related to PM2.5 could be avoided if its guidelines were followed. Not all air pollutants were correlated with an increased risk of developing ADHD. Nitrogen dioxide — which together with PM 2.5 and ground-level ozone contributes to over 15,000 annual across Canada and 1,900 in B.C. — was not found to be connected with the development of ADHD. Brauer says the biggest two sources of air pollution driving the variation in Metro Vancouver were traffic and space heating, including wood-burning and natural gas fireplaces, and gas boilers. Closer to the coast and at higher elevations, pollution levels tended to be lower due to ocean breezes and the tendency of pollution to settle in low-lying areas. The worst-hit areas tended to be near major traffic arteries, along highways, major truck routes and the region’s ports. A neurodevelopmental disorder, ADHD is thought to affect five to 10 per cent of children and adolescents. Throughout a persons life, it can affect their academic performance and their ability to socialize and work. As the researchers put it, ADHD has considerable impacts on individual wellbeing, health care, and the economy. The study is part of a wider attempt to understand the environmental health hazards from air pollution and how green spaces can dampen their impacts. In October 2021, another Metro Vancouver-wide study from several of the same UBC researchers concluded living near green spaces improves a childrens chances of hitting , including emotional maturity, language skills and even general knowledge. Living near green spaces, found the 2021 study, could improve childhood development, partly by reducing the negative effects of air and noise pollution — both have been found to increase stress, sleep disturbances and central nervous system damage in children. The latest round of research adds to a growing body of evidence of the benefits of green space on human health. In other parts of the world, past research has found that access to green space can promote a huge range of positive health outcomes for all ages, from increased physical activity and social cohesion to reduced cardiovascular disease and dementia rates. Others have found similar benefits when people regularly expose themselves to bodies of water, known by some as . Increased density of trees can also create a buffer for extreme heat and, in the winter, act as a thermal blanket that will reduce heating bills should a deep freeze set in. But how green spaces are distributed across the Metro area can reveal some huge inequalities. Of the nearly 600 British Columbians who died from extreme temperatures during late Junes heatwave, more were killed in low-income areas, where people lived alone and with little green space. On Vancouvers Downtown Eastside, Canadas poorest neighbourhood, , with more people admitted to emergency rooms due to heat than anywhere else in the city. Scientists know how trees protect us from heat. But how more access to green space makes people healthier over the long term is unclear. Instead of saying green is good, were providing more concrete pathways, Ingrid Jarvis told Glacier Media last fall. At the time, Jarvis said the research shows that everyday micro-contacts with nature can positively affect a childs long-term physical and mental health. “This is one more thing,” added Brauer, referring to the groups latest study. “There’s not a lot known about factors that you can modify. So what we tend to do when kids are diagnosed with ADHD is put them on medication.” “We could be raising healthier kids.” Ultimately, their findings have big repercussions for how planners design neighbourhoods in a region expected to add another million people to its population by 2040. In the past, the group of UBC researchers have sent findings to Metro Vancouver, where it was distributed to all 21 jurisdictions and various committees. 
20220223_165637_tza_C000600_A000036	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220223202818.htm	TZA	Eating meat five times or less per week is associated with a lower overall cancer risk, according to a study published in the open access journal BMC Medicine. Cody Watling and colleagues from the University of Oxford, UK investigated the relationship between diet and cancer risk by analysing data collected from 472,377 British adults who were recruited to the UK Biobank between 2006 and 2010. Participants, who were aged between 40 and 70 years, reported how frequently they ate meat and fish and the researchers calculated the incidence of new cancers that developed over an average period of 11 years using health records. They accounted for diabetes status and sociodemographic, socioeconomic and lifestyle factors in their analyses. 247,571 (52%) of participants ate meat more than five times per week, 205,382 (44%) of participants ate meat five or less times per week, 10,696 (2%) ate fish but not meat, and 8,685 (2%) were vegetarian or vegan. 54,961 participants (12%) developed cancer during the study period. The researchers found that the overall cancer risk was 2% lower among those who ate meat five times or less per week, 10% lower among those who ate fish but not meat, and 14% lower among vegetarians and vegans, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. When comparing the incidence of specific cancers with participants diet, the authors found that those who ate meat five times or less per week had a 9% lower risk of colorectal cancer, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. They also found that the risk of prostate cancer was 20% lower among men who ate fish but not meat and 31% lower among men who followed a vegetarian diet, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. Post-menopausal women who followed a vegetarian diet had an 18% lower risk of breast cancer than those who ate meat more than five times per week. However, the findings suggest that this was due to vegetarian women tending to have a lower body mass index (BMI) than women who ate meat. The researchers caution that the observational nature of their study does not allow for conclusions about a causal relationship between diet and cancer risk. Additionally, as UK Biobank dietary data was collected at a single time-point, rather than over a continuous period of time, it may not be representative of participants lifetime diets. The authors suggest that future research could investigate the associations between diets containing little or no meat and the risk of individual cancers in larger populations with longer follow-up periods. Story Source: provided by . Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220223_165637_irl_C000605_A000027	www.rte.ie	https://www.rte.ie/sport/soccer/2022/0224/1282788-last-gasp-own-goal-maintains-arsenals-top-four-push/	IRL	Arsenal kept their Premier League top-four push moving in the right direction as a last-gasp Jose Sa own goal saw them come from behind to beat Wolves. The Gunners had looked on course to lose ground on the sides above them but ultimately ran out 2-1 winners as Sa palmed an Alexandre Lacazette effort into his own net in the closing stages. Earlier, Hwang Hee-chan had been gifted the chance to put Wolves ahead and they appeared set to leapfrog Arsenal into fifth before two goals in the last eight minutes turned the game on its head. Club-record signing Nicolas Pepe levelled with a smart turn and finish just 11 minutes after he came off the bench, but it was Sas unfortunate glove which completed a comeback for Mikel Artetas side - who now sit just a point behind fourth-placed Manchester United with two games in hand. Nicolas Pepe scores Arsenals first goal past Jose Sa It is understood Arteta has been granted a meeting with referee chiefs at PGMOL after being unhappy with a number of decisions he feels have gone against Arsenal in recent weeks. One of those was the sending off of Gabriel Martinelli in the reverse fixture just a fortnight ago and, with the forward returning from his ban here, he was soon embroiled in more controversy. With less than a minute on the clock, the hosts wanted a penalty as Martinelli appeared to be caught by Nelson Semedo, but play continued, much to the irk of the home side. Wolves then had the ball in the net only to see Roman Saiss effort chalked off for offside, but they soon hit the front. Gabriel Magalhaes, scorer of the only goal as Arsenal won at Molineux, gifted possession to Hwang and he nipped in ahead of Aaron Ramsdale to finish. The rest of the first half saw everyone involved with Arsenal become more and more frustrated and a smattering of jeers met the half-time whistle. They were struggling to break down a resolute Wolves back line, with Lacazette in particular wasteful in and around the penalty area. The introduction of Pepe and Eddie Nketiah turned the tide as the two combined to equalise and give renewed vigour to their chances of taking all three points. The win was secured deep into added time as Nketiah slipped in Lacazette and his effort was palmed into his own net by Sa, leaving Arsenal celebrating on the pitch in a manner which saw them criticised by their Wolves counterparts in the return game. 
20220223_165637_pak_C000630_A000019	www.geo.tv	https://www.geo.tv/latest/401293-whatsapp-working-on-reaction-button-report	PAK	WhatsApp logos can be seen on a smartphone screen. — Reuters/FileMeta-owned messaging platform WhatsApp is working on sending message reactions by using a reaction button, reported.According to the WhatsApp news trackers, the feature is still under development on WhatsApp beta for Android and WhatsApp beta for iOS.However, they added that there was no news about the web/desktop client.“As you can see in this screenshot, you can react to messages by choosing between six different emojis,” WABetainfo said. — WABetainfoThe new reaction button is not always visible — it will only show up when the cursor is near a chat or group message.Users will be able to react to the message when they press the reaction button.The news trackers noted that although the feature is under development, it does not mean that it won’t be so long. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000632_A000023	www.hollywoodreporter.com	https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/sally-kellerman-dead-hot-lips-houlihan-mash-1235099282/	ETH	Sally Kellerman, the husky-voiced actress known for her Oscar-nominated portrayal of U.S. Army Maj. Margaret “Hot Lips” Houlihan in ’s M*A*S*H, has died. She was 84. Kellerman, who also sang and had a Grand Funk Railroad tune written for her, died Thursday morning at an assisted care facility in Woodland Hills after a battle with dementia, her son, Jack Krane, told The Hollywood Reporter. A native Californian, Kellerman had a memorable role in the third Star Trek episode, “Where No Man Has Gone Before,” in which she portrayed Dr. Elizabeth Dehner, a human Starfleet officer aboard the USS Enterprise. When Dehner sacrifices her life, her dying words to Capt. Kirk () are, “I’m sorry … you can’t know what it’s like to … be almost a god.” And in the comedy Back to School (1986), Kellerman was wonderful as the free-spirited college literature professor Diane Turner, the love interest of Rodney Dangerfield’s obnoxious rags-to-riches businessman, Thornton Melon. “This is my one brag in life: The director [Alan Metter] said he felt that I helped make Rodney human, believable in a relationship. Because I just had to love him and be sincere about it,” Kellerman in 2016 on Marc Maron’s WTF podcast. (She played Maron’s eccentric mom on his IFC comedy.) Kellerman also noted that when fans encountered her in public, they either yelled, “Hey, Hot Lips!” or recited a classic Dangerfield line from Back to School: “Call me sometime when you got no class.” Kellerman had appeared in guest-starring stints on many TV shows of the 1960s, including The Outer Limits, 12 O’Clock High, Ben Casey, That Girl and Mannix, when she won the role of the by-the-books Houlihan in M*A*S*H, an adaptation of Richard Hooker’s 1968 novel about Army surgeons saving lives during the Korean War. One of her more famous scenes in the movie came when she is embarrassingly pranked . Kellerman had never been nude onscreen, so Altman devised distractions for the shot, she said. “When I looked up, there was [actor] Gary Burghoff stark naked standing in front of me,” she in 2016. “The next take, [Altman] had Tamara Horrocks — she was the more amply endowed nurse — without her shirt on. … So I attribute my Academy Award nomination to the people who made my mouth hang open.” Regarding the humiliation her character endured, Kellerman said: “I loved Bob, but he was a real male chauvinist, probably the worst. I’m kidding. Sort of kidding. But I think that [torment] really saved Hot Lips. She grew up after that. She’d been so uptight, so rigid, no sense of humor — and after all that went down, she started having a really good time, a real life.” In a 2013 interview, Kellerman that when the M*A*S*H crew was watching the dailies, Altman told her, “You’re going to get nominated for an Oscar for this one, Sally.” She wound up losing to the sentimental favorite that year, Helen Hayes of Airport. She and Altman also collaborated on the features Brewster McCloud (1970), The Player (1992) and Pret-a-Porter (1994) and on a 1997 episode of Gun, an ABC anthology series that he executive produced. Kellerman, though, squandered another opportunity to work with the famed director. After she had an ill-fated rendezvous with in the Neil Simon comedy Last of the Red Hot Lovers (1972), directed by Gene Saks, “Bob called me one day at home,” she recalled in her 2013 memoir, Read My Lips: Stories of a Hollywood Life. “‘Sally, do you want to be in my picture after next?’ he asked. ‘Only if it’s a good part,’ I said. “He hung up on me. Bob was as stubborn and arrogant as I was at the time, but the sad thing is that I cheated myself out of working with someone I loved so much, someone who made acting both fun and easy and who trusted his actors. Stars would line up to work for nothing for Bob Altman.” She added, “Oh, the Altman film I turned down? Nashville. In that part I would have been able to sing. Bad choice.” Sally Claire Kellerman was born on June 2, 1937, in Long Beach, California. Her mother was a piano teacher and her father an executive for Shell Oil. “I came out of the womb singing and acting,” she said. While attending Hollywood High School, Kellerman starred in a production of Meet Me in St. Louis and submitted a demo to jazz impresario Norman Granz. He offered her a recording contract at Verve, but, just 18, she turned it down. “I was young and scared at the time,” she . “I had very little self-esteem, and I had already started this acting class. This class, taught by Jeff Corey, really gave me the chance to grow up.” (Classmates included , James Coburn and Robert Blake.) In 1957, Kellerman made her film debut in the Samuel Z. Arkoff crime drama Reform School Girl, then appeared regularly on television and in several plays, including The Marriage Go-Round and Call Me by My Rightful Name. She had a role in a 1966 stage production of Truman Capote’s Breakfast at Tiffany’s, starring Richard Chamberlain and , but the show was closed in previews before it made it to Broadway when producer David Merrick said he did not want to “subject the drama critics and the public to an excruciatingly boring evening.” Still, all of her experience to that point emboldened her as she auditioned for Altman. “Before M*A*S*H, I was ready to take any kind of chance,” Kellerman said. “I went out for the Lieutenant Dish part, which was bigger. But I happened to be wearing lipstick, and while I was talking a mile a minute, producer Ingo Preminger kept muttering in his German accent, ‘Hot Lips!’ … [Altman] yelled ‘Hot Lips’ too.” The film and Hooker’s novel, of course, also inspired the CBS series M*A*S*H, which ran from 1972-83. Nearly all of the characters from the movie were recast, including Hot Lips, portrayed on TV by Loretta Swit, who won two Emmys and was nominated for her work on 10 of the show’s 11 seasons. (Burghoff did reprise his role as Walter “Radar” O’Reilly.) Altman that he disliked the show “because [it] was the opposite of my main reason for making this film — and this was to talk about a foreign war, an Asian war, that was going on at the time. And to perpetuate that every Sunday night — and no matter what platitudes they say about their little messages and everything — the basic image and message is that the brown people with the narrow eyes are the enemy. And so I think that series was quite a racist thing.” Kellerman’s film résumé also included The Boston Strangler (1968), The April Fools (1969), Slither (1973) opposite James Caan, the Charles Jarrott-directed Lost Horizon (1973), Welcome to L.A. (1976) with Harvey Keitel and Sissy Spacek, The Big Bus (1976), Foxes (1980), Blake Edwards’ That’s Life! (1986), All’s Fair (1989) and Boynton Beach Club (2005). On the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, she played Constance Bingham, an elderly woman confined to a wheelchair, and landed a Daytime Emmy nomination in 2015. Kellerman eventually did pursue a singing career and in 1972 released her first album, Roll With the Feelin’. “I love acting … but my fantasy is to have a couple of babies and make an album a year, and maybe a picture a year, too,” she said in 1973. “I don’t want to not do either one.” Around that time, Kellerman dated Grand Funk Railroad singer-guitarist Mark Farner, who wrote the 1976 pop song “Sally” about her. Her second album, Sally, was released in 2009. Kellerman also did voiceover work in commercials — most famously for Hidden Valley Ranch salad dressing — and for such animated films as The Mouse and His Child (1977), Happily Ever After (1990) and Delgo (2008). Kellerman wed writer-director Rick Edelstein (Starsky & Hutch) in December 1970, but the marriage was troubled from the start. “We’ve fought every day since we’ve met,” she said years ago, “and sometimes I wondered whether my wedding dress would be black with red splotches.” They divorced in 1972. In 1980, she married the late producer (Look Who’s Talking, Face/Off). They adopted twins Hannah, who died in 2016, and Jack. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000632_A000032	www.eurekalert.org	https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/944485	ETH	Fungi, specifically those that are “mycorrhizal,” are natural allies of the forest because they improve tree nutrient acquisition. But which of the mycorrhizal feeding strategies yields the greatest tree diversity in a forest: strategy A (ectomycorrhiza) or strategy B (arbuscular mycorrhiza)? Biologists from Université de Montréal and the Plant Biology Research Institute asked the question and found the answer is neither one nor the other, but rather a combination of the two – proving that there is strength in numbers – or rather, in diversity. The powerful nourishing capacity of mycorrhiza “A mycorrhiza, from the Greek myco-, ‘fungus,’ and rhiza, ‘root,’ is a type of symbiotic relationship between a plant and a fungus that has existed since the colonization of land by plants, several million years ago,” explained Alexis Carteron, lead author of the study. “This positive association for both partners is unquestionably the most widespread and important form of ‘mutualistic symbiosis’ in terrestrial ecosystems.” Carteron has a Ph.D. in biology from Université de Montréal and is currently working as a post-doctoral researcher in the Department of Environmental Science and Policy at the University of Milan, Italy. In botany, mycorrhizal fungi have long been known to provide plants with significant nutritional benefits by extending their root systems up to 10 times the initial root surface and enabling them to better absorb water and minerals from the soil. For instance, mycorrhizal fungi are able to dissolve phosphorus in the soil, making it available to plants. In return, the plant provides the fungi with sugar produced through photosynthesis. “For some time now, there has been growing interest in the important role of mycorrhizal fungi in plant biodiversity,” said the supervisor of the study, Etienne Laliberté, Canada Research Chair in Plant Functional Biodiversity at Université de Montréal. Two strategies for fungi The two main types of mycorrhizas, ectomycorrhizas and arbuscular mycorrhizas, seem to influence the diversity of tree species in forests in different ways. Ectomycorrhiza affects about 2 per cent of plant species, mostly conifers in Northern Hemisphere forests. Arbuscular mycorrhiza, the oldest and most widespread form of symbiotic association between fungi and plants, affects 80 per cent of terrestrial plants. The two differ in the way the fungus attaches to the plant’s roots. Scientists have observed that forests with soils colonized by arbuscular mycorrhiza are more diverse. Species-rich tropical rainforests, for instance, are composed mainly of arbuscular mycorrhizal trees, while species-poor boreal forests are dominated by ectomycorrhizal trees. For this reason, researchers believed that arbuscular mycorrhiza promotes coexistence and diversity of plant species, while ectomycorrhiza promotes the dominance of one or only a few species. Experimental studies of saplings and large-scale observations in different terrestrial biomes (geographical areas that share a similar climate, fauna and flora) also appeared to support this hypothesis. It is challenged, however, by the new study. More than 80,000 forest plots analyzed Forest trees interact with each other and with mycorrhizal fungi at a very localized level (within a few meters) over periods of several decades. Carteron and Laliberté therefore had to test the hypothesis on forest plots (i.e. an area of a few hundred square metres) in a multitude of forests to determine whether the results could be generalized. “We analyzed about 82,000 forest plots across the United States and concluded that plots that were very strongly dominated by either ectomycorrhiza or arbuscular mycorrhiza had lower tree diversity,” explained Carteron. “Surprisingly, it was the forests with a mix of both mycorrhizal strategies that had a greater number of tree species. So our results indicate that dominance of any one mycorrhiza, regardless of its type, appears to decrease forest tree diversity.” Can mycorrhizas help fight climate change? While mycorrhizal dominance can be determined at several scales, such as the root system, forest plot and biome, this study underscores the importance of considering the impact of mycorrhiza on ecological processes at the forest plot level. At this scale, the study shows, the coexistence of mycorrhizal strategies can promote plant diversity. “Sometimes forests with a mixture of mycorrhizal strategies are overlooked by biologists because they’re considered less abundant,” the researchers noted. “However, our study has shown that this is not always the case and these mixed types could, in fact, make up a large part of the world’s forests.” Such forests may represent a crucial avenue for forest research and management targeting greater ecosystem services: “Combating and adapting to climate change is a good example of the services an ecosystem can provide, because a thriving forest with high tree diversity constitutes a reservoir favourable to climate balance,” Carteron pointed out. About the study The article “,” by Alexis Carteron et al, was published in Nature Ecology and Evolution on February 24, 2022. The study was funded by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the Fonds de recherche du Québec - Nature et technologies, and the Bourse d’excellence Hydro-Québec - Université de Montréal. Journal Nature Ecology & Evolution Article Title Mycorrhizal dominance reduces local tree species diversity across US forests Article Publication Date 24-Feb-2022 Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. 
20220223_165637_nam_C000643_A000029	www.cbssports.com	https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/bulls-vs-hawks-odds-line-spread-2022-nba-picks-feb-24-prediction-from-proven-computer-model/	NAM	The will take on the at 8 p.m. ET on Thursday at the United Center. Chicago is 38-21 overall and 23-8 at home, while the Hawks are 28-30 overall and 11-17 on the road. The Bulls return from the All-Star break riding a five-game winning streak. Chicago is favored by three points in the latest Bulls vs. Hawks odds from Caesars Sportsbook, while the over-under is set at 236.5. Before entering any Hawks vs. Bulls picks, youll want to The SportsLine Projection Model simulates every game 10,000 times and has returned well over $10,000 in profit for $100 players on its over the past three-plus seasons. The model enters Week 18 of the 2021-22 NBA season on a stunning 69-41 roll on all top-rated NBA picks, returning almost $2,300. Anyone following it has seen huge returns.Now, the model has set its sights on . You can head to SportsLine to Here are several for Hawks vs. Bulls:Bulls vs. Hawks spread: Bulls -3Bulls vs. Hawks over-under: 236 points Featured Game | Chicago Bulls vs. Atlanta Hawks What you need to know about the Bulls Chicago went into the All-Star break on a five-game winning streak that propelled the Bulls to a tie for first place in the Eastern Conference. Their most recent outing was a 125-118 win over Sacramento last Wednesday. became the first player in NBA history to score 35 or more points and shoot 50 percent or better in seven consecutive games. He has also scored 30-plus points in eight straight games, becoming the first Chicago player to do so since Michael Jordan in 1996. The Bulls have averaged 121.2 points per game during their winning streak. They have covered the spread in eight of their last 10 home games. What you need to know about the Hawks Atlanta went into the All-Star break with some momentum of its own, winning consecutive games against Cleveland and Orlando. The Hawks, who have been dealing with some injury issues this season, are currently in tenth place in the Eastern Conference. They have not been above the .500 mark since Dec. 6, but they are only two games under .500 heading into Thursday nights game. Forward (foot), who is the teams second-leading scorer and rebounder, missed the final three games before the All-Star break and is not expected to play on Thursday. Point guard leads Atlanta with 27.8 points and 9.3 assists per game. The Hawks have covered the spread in 11 of their last 16 games. How to make Bulls vs. Hawks picksThe model is leaning under on the total, and its also generated a point-spread pick that is hitting in almost 60 percent of simulations. You can only So who wins Hawks vs. Bulls? And which side covers almost 60 percent of the time? all from the model that has crushed its NBA picks. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000649_A000037	www.nature.com	https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-022-00428-5	IND	Infection rates with the Omicron variant of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 are plummeting in many countries around the world. But scientists are still struggling to understand how it spread so rapidly and what it might do next, especially because the subvariant known as BA.2 is rising in some places.Unlike previous variants of concern, Omicron often infects people who possess antibodies against earlier SARS-CoV-2 versions, acquired through infection or vaccination. In the three months that scientists have been aware of Omicron, they’ve learnt a lot, but most work so far has focused on the parent Omicron strain or on BA.1. Researchers still have a number of pressing questions.In people, Omicron seems to be highly contagious — BA.2 even more so than BA.1 — but to cause less severe disease than other variants. How does it manage that? Studies on this and on how the variant interacts with host cells and immune systems could lead to better medicines or improved vaccines. And laboratory experiments that put artificial pressures on the virus, to see what mutations arise, offer hints about what variants might appear as SARS-CoV-2 continues to evolve.“The virus has changed,” says Salim Abdool Karim, an epidemiologist at the Centre for the AIDS Programme of Research in South Africa in Durban. “It enters cells differently, it infects lungs differently, it infects the nose differently.”Here, Nature highlights some of the key questions for scientists to tackle about Omicron and what might come next.How is it so transmissible?Much of Omicron’s success must come down to the dozens of mutations that separate it from previous variants and enable it to evade host antibodies, particularly the neutralizing ones that bind to the virus’s outer spike protein and block cell entry. That means that despite widespread immunity to earlier SARS-CoV-2 versions, there are more available hosts for Omicron to hop between, compared with when the Delta variant was dominant. But there might also be something inherent in Omicron’s biology that makes it highly transmissible regardless of human immunity. This could be a change to how a person infected with the coronavirus transmits it, how another receives it, or both.On the transmission side, one idea is that this variant creates a higher concentration of viral particles in the nose, so that infected individuals release more coronavirus with every exhalation. Data on this point have been mixed.One result in favour of this hypothesis comes from a study of human lung and bronchial tissues led by Michael Chan, a virologist at the University of Hong Kong. The data suggest that Omicron replicates faster in the upper respiratory system than all previous forms of the virus.Researchers led by Wendy Barclay, a virologist at Imperial College London, observed that Omicron replicates faster than Delta in cultures of nose cells.But some studies reported that immunologically naive hamsters had fewer virus particles — none of which were infectious —in their lungs compared with previous variants. Other studies, in people indicate that in the upper respiratory tract. SARS-CoV-2 particles (green) inside a cellular endosome.Credit: NIAID () As for the potential receivers of those infectious particles, Barclay suggests that Omicron’s transmission strength might be linked to how it enters cells. Earlier versions of SARS-CoV-2 relied on a cellular receptor, ACE2, to bind to the cells, and on a cellular enzyme called TMPRSS2 to cleave its spike protein, granting the virus entry. Omicron has mostly abandoned the TMPRSS2 route. Instead, cells swallow it whole, and it lands in intracellular bubbles called endosomes,.Many cells in the nose make ACE2 but not TMPRSS2, Barclay says. That could give Omicron an edge as soon as it’s inhaled, allowing it to set up shop . This could, in part, explain why Omicron can pass so easily between people and how it so rapidly establishes infection.Is it less severe? If so, why?Hospitalization and death rates for Omicron, compared with those for previous variants, seem to suggest that it is a weaker strain. But because many people have some level of immunity, through COVID-19 vaccination or previous infection, it’s challenging to untangle how much of that reduced severity stems from people’s immune systems being preconditioned to take on the virus, and how much from some inherent feature of the virus itself.“It’s much more difficult to have a ‘clean’ genetic and immunological study,” says Jean-Laurent Casanova, a paediatric immunologist at the Rockefeller University in New York City. Scientists at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland, Ohio, attempted to control for these factors by looking at first-time COVID-19 cases in children younger than 5 years old, who are not yet eligible for vaccination. Omicron infections were less severe than Delta cases in terms of rates of emergency-department visits, admissions to hospital or intensive-care units, and need for mechanical ventilation.In another study, researchers in South Africa analysed hospitalization and death risk for infected adults during the Omicron wave and during earlier surges. Adjusting their data to account for previous infections, vaccination and other factors, they estimated that 25% of Omicron’s reduced risk of severe disease or death was due to something intrinsic to the virus itself.What blunted Omicron’s fangs? Chan’s team found that, although the variant is successful in the upper respiratory system, it was less able to replicate in lung tissue. And studies in rodents found less inflammation and damage to the lungs.In people, Omicron’s relative inability to colonize or damage the lungs seems to result in fewer cases of dangerous pneumonia and respiratory distress, but in higher numbers of annoying head colds.Another feature that might underlie Omicron’s reduced severity, says Barclay, is its inability to fuse individual lung cells together into larger blobs called syncytia. Previous coronavirus variants did this, and because these aggregates were present in the lungs of people who died of severe illness, some scientists propose that this aggregation contributes to symptoms or helps the virus to spread. But the fusion relies on TMPRSS2, and Omicron infections don’t seem to result in the same levels of syncytium formation.What is the complete immune response to Omicron?One of the body’s key defences against pathogens is a molecule called interferon, which cells produce when they detect an invader. Interferon tells infected cells to ramp up their own defences — for example, by keeping viruses trapped in endosomes. Interferon also delivers a warning signal to uninfected neighbouring cells so that they can do the same.Previous variants were able to avoid or disable many of interferon’s effects. Some research suggests that Omicron has lost some of that advantage, although other experiments find that it’s better equipped to withstand interferon’s effects. Researchers are also mapping the parts of the virus that get the attention of T cells. The viral proteins recognized by T cells seem not to have changed much in Omicron, compared with in previous SARS-CoV-2 variants.That’s good news, because although T cells are slower than antibodies to respond to a recurring threat, they’re effective once they get going. This helps to stop breakthrough infections from becoming severe.Understanding the parts of SARS-CoV-2 that rarely mutate and serve as strong T-cell activators could help vaccine designers to create against current and future variants.What comes next?The overall Omicron data so far suggest to Barclay that Omicron could be highly contagious early on in the infection because it starts out strong. But it’s possible that the viral load, along with the variant’s ability to infect other cells or other people, quickly drops as it attempts to spread beyond the upper airways or as it encounters interferon.“Omicron is very good at getting into the cells of the nose,” she says. “Once it’s in there, actually, I don’t think that Omicron is a terribly fit virus.” The diminished severity has provided a thin silver lining to the Omicron surge, but most experts think that this won’t be the final variant of concern. There are two likely scenarios going forward, says Jesse Bloom, an evolutionary virologist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington. One is that Omicron continues to evolve, creating some sort of Omicron-plus variant that is worse than BA. 1 or BA.2. The other possibility is that a new, unrelated variant appears.The latter is what’s happened with each variant of concern so far. “It suggests that there’s a huge amount of plasticity in the virus,” says Lucy Thorne, a virologist at University College London. “It’s got different evolutionary options.”With dozens of mutations, Omicron explored more of the evolutionary space than the other variants. Many of Omicron’s mutations ought to make it less fit, but it thrives, probably because other mutations mitigate those disadvantages.What evolutionary options might it still have left to try? One way to make educated guesses is to let the virus evolve under controlled laboratory conditions. For example, researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham found, after growing the virus in several rounds of cell culture, that the original SARS-CoV-2 strain picked up the ability to bind to heparan sulfate, a molecule on the surface of all cells. This cultured virus still used ACE2, but the extra binding partner made it better at infecting cells.As the study authors note, changes in cell-culture dishes don’t necessarily mean that the virus would be any better at infecting animals or people; it’s possible the mutations might make it inept in other ways. Thus, this type of work .Researchers can also put pressure on the virus in the lab, allowing it to evolve in the presence of antibodies or antiviral drugs. For example, scientists passed an early SARS-CoV-2 strain from dish to dish in the presence of the antiviral remdesivir, and the virus readily developed a mutation that made it less sensitive to the drug.These kinds of experiment enable researchers to predict how the virus might evolve. Finding such mutations in the lab doesn’t mean they will occur in nature, but scientists tracking coronavirus genetics through surveillance can keep an eye out for them. Animals such as hamsters might be hosts for Omicron.Credit: Louise Delmotte/Getty SARS-CoV-2 is known to infect several animal species, . Some scientists think that Omicron could have passed through an animal host or hosts before it was first detected in South Africa last November. Other researchers are wondering whether it might infiltrate even more species than it is known to and then move back to humans again, potentially bringing new and dangerous adaptations.“We have to address the elephant in the room, quite literally: where else has the virus gone, and what is it doing in those species?” says Jason Kindrachuk, a virologist at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada, who is part of a team tackling this question. The group is checking wildlife samples for Omicron and is also testing how the virus’s spike interacts with ACE2 proteins from different species.As for severity, there’s no guarantee that it will continue to diminish. Chan is keeping an eye on pathogenicity using the virus’s temperature preference as a clue. Viruses that stick to the upper airways replicate well at a cool 33 °C and tend to cause a milder infection. Those that prefer the 37 °C of the lungs are likely to be more virulent. The original Omicron variant doesn’t seem to grow better at either temperature, says Chan, but he’s checking its descendants now.Whatever happens next, these and other questions will keep scientists busy with Omicron for months to come. Most current research is still preliminary, awaiting peer review and confirmation in other labs.After all, researchers were still trying to understand Delta when Omicron emerged, notes Kindrachuk. “We’ve only really known this variant since the end of November,” he says. “We don’t know a lot yet.” 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000650_A000018	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/c0c9fe20-e219-45d4-b029-2cfbaf86a755	GBR	Leverage our market expertise Expert insights, analysis and smart data help you cut through the noise to spot trends, risks and opportunities. Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT. 
20220223_165637_usa_C000670_A000018	www.nytimes.com	https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/24/business/doj-antitrust-lawsuit-unitedhealth.html	USA	WASHINGTON — The Justice Department on Thursday sued to block a $13 billion acquisition of a health technology company by a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group, in the latest move by the Biden administration to clamp down on corporate consolidation.The agency argued that a deal by UnitedHealth to buy the health tech firm Change Healthcare would give UnitedHealth sensitive data that it could wield against its competitors in the insurance business. The suit was filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. New York and Minnesota also joined the lawsuit.A spokeswoman for Optum, the UnitedHealth subsidiary, said in a statement that the Justice Department’s “deeply flawed position is based on highly speculative theories that do not reflect the realities of the health care system,” and added that the company would “defend our case vigorously.” A spokeswoman for Change Healthcare said it was still “working toward closing the merger as we comply with our obligations under the merger agreement.”The deal is the latest transaction to run into opposition from the Biden administration, which has made countering corporate consolidation a central part of its economic agenda. President Biden last year to spur competition in different industries. He also appointed , a prominent critic of the tech giants, to lead the Federal Trade Commission and , a lawyer who has represented large companies, as chief of antitrust efforts at the Justice Department.Since then, the F.T.C. has from buying a maker of missile propulsion systems and the design firm Arm. Even before Mr. Kanter was confirmed, the Justice Department sued to block the merger of two major insurance brokers; the by the publisher Penguin Random House; and a deal that would have married some of JetBlue’s operations with American Airlines’.“It’s part and parcel of this effort to make sure that markets truly are competitive,” said William Baer, who previously served as the head of the Justice Department’s antitrust division.In a statement, Attorney General Merrick B. Garland said the agency “is committed to challenging anticompetitive mergers, particularly those at the intersection of health care and data.”Updated June 2, 2022, 5:33 p.m. ETOptum said last year that it would buy Change Healthcare, a company that offers technology services to insurers. UnitedHealth is one of the largest health corporations in the country, with $287.6 billion in revenue in 2021. In addition to its health care information technology business, its Optum unit owns physician practices, a large chain of surgery centers and one of the nation’s largest pharmacy benefit managers.At the center of the Justice Department’s lawsuit is the data that Change Healthcare gathers when it helps process insurance claims. The department argued that the deal would enable UnitedHealth to see the rules that its competitors used to process claims and undercut them. UnitedHealth could also crunch data about patients at other insurers to gain a competitive advantage, the agency said.The lawsuit claims that, according to a UnitedHealth estimate, more than half of American medical insurance claims “pass through (or touch)” Change Healthcare’s systems. It says that UnitedHealth’s former chief executive saw the tech company’s data as the “foundation” of the reasoning behind the deal.The lawsuit also argued that UnitedHealth could withhold Change Healthcare’s products — which other insurers use — from its rivals or save some of its new innovations for itself. The Justice Department added that the deal would give UnitedHealth a monopoly over a type of service that was used to screen insurance claims for errors and speed up processing.The companies have said the acquisition will improve efficiency in the industry. They also explored selling the part of Change Healthcare that the Justice Department said would give UnitedHealth a new monopoly.Lawmakers and regulators have increasingly worried that big businesses could use troves of data to hurt their rivals. A congressional committee has investigated whether Amazon uses data from outside merchants who use its platform to develop competing products, for example. Critics of Facebook have also argued that the company’s having years of user data makes it difficult for an upstart service to challenge its dominance.Since Mr. Kanter joined the antitrust division at the Justice Department, critics have said he should not oversee cases against companies whose rivals he represented while in private practice. According to a financial disclosure form he filed last year, he once represented Cigna, a major insurer that competes with UnitedHealth, and the remote health care company Teladoc.Mr. Kanter has not participated in the lawsuit against UnitedHealth, a person familiar with the Justice Department’s case said.Reed Abelson contributed reporting. 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000682_A000022	uk.style.yahoo.com	https://uk.style.yahoo.com/brie-larson-shares-secret-to-her-superhero-abs-182507152.html	SGP	Brie Larsons Captain Marvel workout is a new level of intense. (Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images for BET)s workout to get superhero abs isnt for the faint of heart.On Wednesday, the 32-year-old Oscar-winner to Instagram of the intense workout she uses to achieve her Captain Marvel physique.In the video, Larson is seen lying on a workout bench with her feet attached to weighted cables, which she pulls in to complete a reverse crunch.Working up to 10 reps, 3x at body weight, she the clip, with Kacey Musgraves Slow Burn playing in the background.Larsons post was met with applause from fans for her dedication to her role in the Marvel Comic Universe and for the motivational video.Wednesday motivation, one Instagram user , while another added, Strongest Avenger!You rock these workouts! another said.I dont know how you manage to do that. I admire you a lot, Brie, another .You’re an inspiration! Go Brie! someone else Click here to sign up for Yahoo Canadas lifestyle newsletter.All the inspiration I need to get my a— in the gym today, another joked.You are so badass and inspiring! a fan said.US actress Brie Larson arrives for the 92nd Oscars at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California on February 9, 2020. (Photo by Robyn Beck / AFP) (Photo by ROBYN BECK/AFP via Getty Images)In a recent interview with Insider, the actress said that while training for her role in 2019s Captain Marvel, she pushed her body far beyond her expectations.I started this journey thinking Ill get strong and I had no idea. I went far beyond what I ever believed was possible for my body, she told Being able to hip thrust 400 pounds, deadlift 200 pounds, push my trainers Jeep, I mean, its an incredible experience to realize whats inside of you is well beyond what you knew was possible.Larson also admitted that before joining the Marvel Universe, she wasnt much of a gym-goer.I affectionately called myself an introvert with asthma before I got to play Carol Danvers and I started training first out of sheer panic, she Thats part of why its no surprise to me that this character has been able to reverberate outward, because she first and foremost changed my life, she added. So it makes sense to me that she could change other lives too.Let us know what you think by commenting below and tweeting @! Follow us on and and for our newsletter. 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000682_A000033	ascopost.com	https://ascopost.com/news/february-2022/prediction-model-for-brca-mutation-carrying-status-in-asian-patients-with-breast-cancer/	SGP	Posted: 2/24/2022 1:39:00 PM Last Updated: 2/24/2022 1:45:43 PM In a study reported in the , Ang et al developed a model for predicting carrier status of pathogenic variants in BRCA1 or BRCA2 among Asian women with breast cancer. As stated by the investigators: “With the development of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase [PARP] inhibitors for treatment of patients with cancer with an altered BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene, there is an urgent need to ensure that there are appropriate strategies for identifying mutation carriers while balancing the increased demand for and cost of cancer genetics services. To date, the majority of mutation prediction tools have been developed in women of European descent where the age and cancer subtype distributions are different from [those] in Asian women.” Study Details The cross-sectional population-based study involved data on Chinese, Indian, and Malay women recruited in the Malaysian Breast Cancer Genetic study (two centers in Malaysia) and the Singapore Breast Cancer Cohort study (six centers in Singapore). Prediction models were developed using 5,714 breast cancer cases (228 BRCA carriers) and validated using 2,448 cases (95 BRCA carriers). Key Findings The final predictive model, termed the Asian Risk Calculator (ARiCa), for predicting overall likelihood of BRCA pathogenic variant carrier status included younger age at diagnosis, Indian ethnicity, bilateral breast cancer, estrogen receptor negativity, HER2 negativity, higher tumor grade, and presence of first-degree family history of breast or ovarian cancer. The model had a receiver operating characteristic area under the curve (AUC) of 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.75–0.84) for discriminating BRCA and non-BRCA carriers. The same variables, excluding grade, were associated with BRCA1 pathogenic variant carrier status. The AUC for discriminating BRCA1 from non-BRCA1 carriers was 0.85 (95% CI = 0.78–0.92). BRCA2 carrier status was associated with younger age at diagnosis, HER2 negativity, higher grade, and first-degree family history of breast cancer. The AUC for discriminating BRCA2 from non-BRCA2 carriers was 0.75 (95% CI = 0.70–0.81). Analysis in the validation set showed that at a BRCA mutation prevalence of 4%, 31% (95% CI = 29%–33%) of patients with breast cancer would require germline BRCA genetic testing and 71% (95% CI = 61%–80%) of BRCA pathogenic variant carriers would be identified. The addition of grade to existing clinical genetic testing criteria targeting patients younger than 45 years would reduce the proportion of patients referred for genetic counseling and testing from 37% to 33% (P = .003). The investigators concluded: “Population-specific customization of mutation prediction models and clinical genetic testing criteria improved the accuracy of BRCA mutation prediction in Asian patients.” Soo Hwang Teo, PhD, of , is the corresponding author of the Journal of Clinical Oncology article. Disclosure: The study was supported by Wellcome Trust and others. For full disclosures of the study authors, visit ascopubs.org. The content in this post has not been reviewed by the American Society of Clinical Oncology, Inc. (ASCO®) and does not necessarily reflect the ideas and opinions of ASCO®. 
20220223_165637_aus_C000683_A000012	www.abc.net.au	https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-02-25/anti-war-protests-held-across-the-world-in-support-of-ukraine/100859474	AUS	Ukrainian forces are battling Russian invaders around nearly all of the countrys perimeter after Moscow mounted a mass assault by land, sea and air in the biggest attack on a European state since World War II.Civilians have piled into trains and cars to flee, with Ukrainian refugees already starting to arrive in neighbouring central European nations.NATO and European leaders have rushed to respond with strong financial sanctions against Russia and moves to strengthen their own borders.Ukraine’s leadership said at least 40 people had been killed in the fighting as the countrys forces continue to try to prevent a Russian takeover.Protests across the world Demonstrators shout slogans during a protest outside the Russian consulate in Istanbul, Turkey.(AP: Francisco Seco)Protests against Russias invasion of Ukraine have been held in countries across the world, including the UK, France, Spain, Germany, Turkey, The Netherlands, Montenegro, Cyprus, Japan, Norway, Sweden, Italy and others.Demonstrators gathered outside Russian Embassies and other landmark spots waving Ukrainian flags.Many of the demonstrators, including Ukrainian expats, chanted slogans in support of Ukraine and held banners saying Ukraine will resist and Stop Putin, Stop war.Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Russians across the country protest Vladimir Putins invasion of Ukraine.Protests were also held in 51 Russian cities on Thursday, the OVD-Info protest monitor said.Russian police detained at least 1,400 people as protesters chanted No to war and held placards with anti-war and anti-Putin messages.Read more on Russias invasion of Ukraine:The countrys Investigative Committee issued a statement warning protesters of negative legal consequences of these actions, which include prosecution and up to criminal liability.It should be remembered that holding a criminal record holds negative consequences and leaves a mark on the persons future, the statement said. Demonstrators gather at Berlins Brandenburg Gate.(Reuters: Christian Mang)Where are Russian troops?Russia has launched a wide-ranging attack on Ukraine, hitting cities and bases with persistent and prolonged air strikes and shelling.Kyiv reported columns of troops pouring across the borders with Russia and Belarus stretching from the north and east, and landing on the coasts from the Black Sea in the south-west and Azov Sea in the south-east.Fierce fighting was taking place in the regions of Sumy and Kharkiv in the north-east, Kherson and Odessa in the south, and at a military airport near the capital Kyiv, an adviser to the Ukrainian presidential office said.Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Ukraine sustained more than 200 attacks overnight as the invasion comes from the north, east and south. (Source: AP)An adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy says Ukraine has lost control over the decommissioned Chernobyl nuclear plant — north of Kyiv near the Belarus border — after a fierce battle.Regional officials said Ukrainian authorities had lost control of some territory in the Kherson region near Russian-occupied Crimea.Ukrainian military authorities on Thursday said 20 Russian helicopters and Mi-8 aircraft had dispatched paratroopers at Hostomel airport in the Kyiv region, where forces from both sides were fighting for control. Known Russian incursions in Ukraine.(ABC News)Ukrainians told to stay indoorsMartial law has been declared across the country and a curfew has been announced in the countrys capital.Kyivs Mayor Vitaliy Klitschko has asked citizens to remain indoors between the hours of 10pm and 7am. It is necessary for the safety of the capitals residents amid military aggression and with martial law in force, Mr Klitschko said.Public transport will not be running during those hours but metro stations will remain open as air raid shelters if they are needed. Long lines of people at ATMs and banks have been seen across Ukraine.(Reuters: Pavlo Palamarchuk), but for many, they have no option but to stay put.G7 condemns Russia, further sanctions to comeThe Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations strongly condemned on Thursday Russias invasion of Ukraine and said they would bring forward severe and coordinated economic and financial sanctions against Moscow.This crisis is a serious threat to the rules-based international order, with ramifications well beyond Europe, the G7 leaders said in a joint statement, adding Mr Putin had re-introduced war to the European continent.He has put himself on the wrong side of history, said the leaders in the statement released by Germany. G7 leaders gathered in a virtual meeting, pledging to bring forward further sanctions against Moscow.(Reuters: Ludovic Marin)The leaders also said they supported consistent and constructive engagement and coordination among major energy producers and consumers towards stable global energy supplies and were ready to act to address potential disruption.Mr Biden is set to announce the new measures later today, while British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has unveiled a package of severe sanctions against Russia targeting banks, members of Mr Putins closest circle and the extremely wealthy who enjoy high-rolling London lifestyles.Darkest hours of Europe since WWIIUS President Joe Biden called the Russian action an unprovoked and unjustified attack. EU Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen said the bloc would impose a new round of sanctions that would hit Russias economy severely. Russian shelling continues to inflict damage in Kyiv region, Ukraine. (Reuters: Ukrainian State Border Guard Service)EU foreign affairs chief Josep Borrell has described the Russian assault on Ukraine as among the darkest hours of Europe since the Second World War.The assault brought a calamitous end to weeks of fruitless diplomatic efforts by Western leaders to avert war.Russia treacherously attacked our state in the morning, as Nazi Germany did in the WW2 years, tweeted Mr Zelenskyy.LoadingABC/wires 
20220223_165637_phl_C000687_A000036	au.news.yahoo.com	https://au.news.yahoo.com/age-not-condom-why-stis-175616201.html	PHL	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) , including chlamydia, gonorrhea and syphilis. Although infections like , for example, are among adolescents and young adults, a shows that STIs in general among older adults have “dramatically increased in recent years, especially among those who are widowed and divorced.”The study authors point out that STIs have “more than doubled in the past 10 years among U.S. adults age 65 years and older.”There’s no such thing as being too old to get a (STI).Despite that, there’s “a misconception” that older adults are “immune to STIs simply because theyre over the age of 55 and thats not going to happen to them anymore,” , associate professor of family community medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, and author of , tells Yahoo Life.Park wants older adults to know that you can get an STI “regardless of your age.” Quoting , Park says, “Age is not a condom.”In fact, according to Park, “You might be surprised to know that STIs are going up for everybody, including for people over the age of 55.”Video transcriptINA PARK: Im here to bust a myth or a misconception that some of my older patients have that they are immune to STIs simply because theyre over the age of 55, and thats not going to happen to them anymore. Quoting one of my favorite people, Stephen Karpiak, Age is not a condom. I think we, as a society, really stop discussing sexuality or thinking about sexuality past a certain age because, I think, we make assumptions that older people are not sexual beings.And Im here to tell you thats absolutely not the case, and you are not immune from STIs regardless of your age. The CDC tracks chlamydia, gonorrhea and syphilis, and you might be surprised to know that STIs are going up for everybody, including for people over the age of 55. I think one of the biggest adjustments that some people have to make is this idea of dating after theyve been in a stable partnership for 10, 20, even 30 years.If theyre out there again and dating after a divorce, not having had to think about sexual health, just because you happen to be above a certain age, you are not immune to getting an STI if you are still sexually active. We should talk about herpes because that is really different than the bacterial infections because herpes is an infection that stays with you forever once you become infected. The percentage of people that actually have herpes goes up with age, and by the time we get over the age of 50, about 1 in 5 of us has herpes type 2, and almost 60% of folks over 50 actually have a herpes type 1.We also need to talk about HPV, human papillomavirus, because that is the most common sexually transmitted infection. And by the time you get into your 50s and 60s, these STIs are actually more common in men than in women. One thing thats going on is that when we get into the older age groups, the retirement community, for example, the ratio of men to women is really skewed, right? So theres less men because men tend to die younger, and then theres more women around.So the ones that are around are getting lots of action, so theyre having multiple partners. And if you have multiple concurrent partners, that is the easiest way to spread an STI in a community. For people who are getting back out there after not having been on the dating scene for years and years, I think we need to acknowledge that were all coming with completely different levels of knowledge, and some of us got absolutely zero education, and some of us only were taught about unplanned pregnancy, and then some of us only got fear-based education so that we only saw the worst case scenario pictures of STIs.Shame and stigma are such a huge factor in STIs and why people avoid going in to get tested. Most STIs can be cured. Those that cant be cured can certainly be controlled. So dont have that illusion that your age is going to protect you. Go out and use protection yourself, and get tested. We need to think about sexual health as an overall part of health and not think about it as something that only younger people do. 
20220223_165637_isr_C000694_A000018	www.poundsterlinglive.com	https://www.poundsterlinglive.com/eurusd/16608-euro-to-dollar-ruble	ISR	EUR/USD closing in on 2022 lows at 1.1120 CBR intervention likely burden on EUR/USD EUR/RUB & EUR/PLN mismatch a subtle tell Further EUR/USD downside could be limited USD/RUB take off may lift EUR/RUB to 111+ Image © Adobe Stock The Euro to Dollar exchange rate closed in on 2022 lows around 1.1120 Thursday as financial markets attempted to digest the tragedy unfolding in Ukraine, while the EUR/RUB pair took to the skies in a rally that could soon see it trading up to all-time highs of 111.80 or more. Europe’s single currency came under pressure against many counterparts as Russian military forces persisted in an unprovoked attack on Ukraine, although EUR/USD declines likely have as much to do with the Euro’s position as the largest holding in the Central Bank of Russia’s (CBR) foreign reserves as they do the Eurozone economy’s exposure to the unfolding tragedy in Eastern Europe. “We condemn in the strongest possible terms Russias unprecedented military aggression against Ukraine. By its unprovoked and unjustified military actions, Russia is grossly violating international law and undermining European and global security and stability,” the European Council said. “We also condemn the involvement of Belarus in this aggression against Ukraine and call on it to abide by its international obligations. We demand that Russia immediately ceases military actions, unconditionally withdraws all forces and military equipment from the entire territory of Ukraine and fully respects Ukraines territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence,” leaders of the European Union member states added. Above: Euro-Dollar rate shown at daily intervals with selected moving-averages. EUR/USD reference rates at publication:Spot: 1.1137 High street bank rates (indicative band): 1.0782-1.0860 Payment specialist rates (indicative band): 1.1072-1.1117 Find out more about market-beating rates and service, Set up an exchange rate alert, Thursday’s statement from the European Council came after Ukrainian borders with Russia and Belarus were reported to have been overrun by a large military force during the overnight session and early in the European morning as Moscow commenced an all-out invasion of its largest neighbour. Much has been made in recent weeks of the Eurozone’s economic vulnerability to the energy price implications of a conflict in Ukraine, which would appear at first glance to explain the single currency’s underperformance on Thursday, although another explanation would be more likely. “To stabilise the situation in the financial market, the Bank of Russia has decided to start interventions in the foreign exchange market, extend the Lombard List, and provide the banking sector with extra liquidity today,” the Central Bank of Russia said in a Thursday . Europe’s single currency is by far the largest holding in the CBR’s foreign exchange reserves, which were worth around $497BN at the end of January 2022, with some 29.5% of them held in Euro denominated securities at . This matters greatly in light of the CBR’s statement as the latter suggests it would be selling Euros in exchange for Roubles as part of an effort to slow the inflationary depreciation of its currency, and the Polish Zloty’s Thursday underperformance of the Rouble would be evidence of this. “This may limit the amount of ruble weakness we are likely to see for now. However, extreme moves whereby USDRUB reaches and breaches the 100 mark are possible if the Crimea market playbook from 2014 plays out,” says Mark McCormick, global head of FX strategy at TD Securities. Above: EUR/RUB shown at hourly intervals alongside EUR/PLN. Secure a retail exchange rate that is between 3-5% stronger than offered by leading banks, . While the extent of any further downside in the Euro-Dollar rate remains to be seen, one thing for certain is that CBR foreign exchange reserves are limited in size and therefore can be depleted in a crisis like the present, which is a major upside risk for the EUR/RUB exchange rate. The Euro-to-Rouble exchange rate is mechanically connected to the USD/RUB exchange rate and in a way which leads it to closely reflect the relative performance of EUR/USD and USD/RUB, which is why the USD/RUB call from TD Securities’ McCormick matters for EUR/RUB. With the Euro-Dollar rate trading around 1.1180 on Thursday, the Euro-Rouble rate would be likely to rise to all-time highs of 111.0 or more in near future if the USD/RUB reaches the round number of 100.00 that was billed as a possibility by McCormick. “The situation is still very fluid. Sticking to the market impact (the human cost, while very tragic, is beyond the scope of what we do), this is an inflationary event,” says Bipan Rai, North American head of FX strategy at CIBC Capital Markets. “The next stuff to watch: i) whether the next round of sanctions will target key commodities/energy exports from Russia, ii) whether Russia is cut off from SWIFT, and iii) how Russia responds to sanctions (export controls?). Our calls will be based on how the above plays out. That’s about all I can say for now,” Rai and colleagues wrote in a note to clients on Thursday. Above: USD/RUB and EUR/RUB shown at monthly intervals. 
20220223_165637_zaf_C000727_A000020	www.ign.com	https://www.ign.com/articles/cyberpunk-2077-figures-statues-dark-horse-direct	ZAF	2022 has already turned into a big year for fans of CD Projekt Reds . The developer recently delivered , and now Dark Horse has a new wave of Cyberpunk-themed collectibles.IGN can exclusively reveal the next three additions to Dark Horses line of Cyberpunk 2077 figures - Adam Smasher, Judy Alvarez and Panam Palmer. Get a closer look at all three, along with a new Cyberpunk 2077 art print, in the slideshow gallery below.New Cyberpunk 2077 Figures Revealed by Dark Horse DirectWhile Dark Horse brands these collectibles as Figures, theyre actually non-articulated PVC statues. Judy Alvarez and Panam Palmer both measure roughly 9 inches tall, while Adam Smasher clocks in at 12 inches including his rocket launcher and oversized base. All three are scheduled for release on September 28, 2022. Panam Palmer and Judy Alvarez are priced at $59.99, while Adam Smasher is $89.99. Theyll be available to preorder through various comic shops and online retailers.As for the Night City art print, this piece is illustrated by Mathieu Bablet and measures 18 x 24. The print is limited to 300 pieces worldwide and is expected to ship in April or May 2022. The print is exclusive to . Dark Horses previous Cyberpunk 2077 collectibles include the , , and an . The company has also expanded on the games lore through and .Jesse is a mild-mannered staff writer for IGN. Allow him to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by . 
20220223_165637_nga_C000770_A000004	www.thecable.ng	https://www.thecable.ng/russia-bombs-ukraine-and-biden-says-nato-will-respond	NGA	Vladimir Putin, president of Russia, has ordered a special military operation in Ukraine’s Donbas region. According to , Putin announced on television that Russia would not tolerate the threats from Ukraine. Ukraine’s interior ministry said Russia has begun attacks on the country. Explosions were reportedly heard in Kyiv, Kharkiv, Kramatorsk and in other parts of Ukraine. The attacks were said to have targeted key infrastructure in the country. US President Joe Biden condemned the attacks, describing them as unprovoked. He said Putin has chosen a “premeditated war that will bring a catastrophic loss of life and human suffering”. He said the US and its allies — members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) — will deliver a decisive response. ”Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction this attack will bring, and the United States and its Allies and partners will respond in a united and decisive way. The world will hold Russia accountable,” Biden said. Putin had ordered troops into separatist-held parts of eastern Ukraine in what he called a “peacekeeping” mission. The order came just hours after he signed decrees recognising the independence of the Moscow-backed regions. The decrees signed by Putin conveyed Moscow’s official recognition of two breakaway territories in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine — the Donetsk People’s Republic and Luhansk People’s Republic (DPR and LPR). The decrees recognised them as independent states and guaranteed their security with Russian troops. The decrees also said Russian peacekeeping forces would be deployed in the areas. 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000809_A000027	www.goal.com	https://www.goal.com/en-in/news/injured-aston-villa-star-nakamba-frustrated-but-aiming-to-return-/blteeb4f54b1a5a37b4	ZWE	The Zimbabwe international has been out of action since he picked up an injury against Liverpool in DecemberAston Villa midfielder Marvelous Nakamba has assured fans that he will come back stronger from his injury nightmare. The 28-year-old suffered a knee injury in the Lions 1-0 loss to Liverpool on December 11 and it forced him to go under the knife for treatment. Nakamba, who clinched Aston Villa’s Player of the Month award for November, rued the setback at a time when he was starting to establish himself in Steven Gerrard’s squad. “Injuries are frustrating at any time, but I’d just won the Player of the Month for the club and I was getting more game time,” Nakamba told . “Steven Gerrard and his new team came in and I’m grateful for the chance I got from them. I was enjoying the training and improving. “Unfortunately, I got the injury and now I have to work hard on coming back stronger. It’s my first big injury since I started playing professional football, so I’ve had to be strong. “People around me have been encouraging me but I also knew in myself that these things can happen. I have to focus on getting better, becoming stronger and stronger. I’m working on being stronger mentally, physically, everything.” The injury dashed Nakambas hopes of playing for Zimbabwe at the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon where they failed to make it past the group stage and he described the spectator experience as a frustrating one for him. “The timing was very, very bad. There was the Africa Cup of Nations for my country, so it was very frustrating for me,” the former Club Brugge star added. “I had to support the guys that went there to do the best for the nation. It was out of my control.” 
20220225_160119_idn_C000004_A000013	jerseyeveningpost.com	https://jerseyeveningpost.com/morenews/uknews/2022/02/24/australia-considering-sanctions-on-300-russian-politicians-over-ukraine/	IDN	Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison has said his country is considering sanctions against 300 members of the Russian Parliament over the attack on Ukraine. Mr Morrison also condemned Russia for the “brutal” and “unprovoked” action, and said it should withdraw its troops. A day after announcing targeted financial sanctions and travel bans as a first step, Mr Morrison told reporters his government is “now progressing in the second phase of those financial sanctions”. “This includes army commanders, deputy defence ministers and Russian mercenaries who have been responsible for the unprovoked and unacceptable regression, and four entities involved in the development and sale of military technology and weapons. “We are now moving to place restrictions on Australians investing in a further four financial institutions. “There will be further waves of sanctions as we identify those responsible for these egregious acts, including – as I discussed this afternoon with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade – moving on around over 300 members of the Russian Parliament. “We must ensure there is a cost for this violent, unacceptable and egregious behaviour.” Mr Morrison had earlier said Russia was “behaving like thugs and bullies, and they should be called out as thugs and bullies”. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000069_A000024	hyperallergic.com	https://hyperallergic.com/713510/man-ray-surrealist-portrait-is-going-up-for-auction/	ISR	Man Ray’s “Le Violon d’Ingres” (1924), one of the most reproduced images of the last century, could also become the most expensive photograph ever sold at auction. The black and white photograph, depicting the nude torso of a woman as a violin, is expected to fetch between $5-7 million in a at Christie’s New York in May. The original print of the photograph is offered as the top lot in a dedicated sale of items from the collection of Rosalind Gersten Jacobs & Melvin Jacobs, two American retail executives and art collectors who had close friendships with Ray and other Surrealist artists. (Later prints of “Le Violon” have previously appeared on the market, such as one dating from the 1950s which for $475,000 last year.) Other items in the auction include paintings, posters, jewelry, and ephemera. Born in Philadelphia in 1890 under the name Emmanuel Radnitzky, Ray moved to Paris in 1921, where he lived in Montparnasse among DADA and Surrealist artists including his close collaborator Marcel Duchamp. There he also met Alice Prin, better known as Kiki de Montparnasse, who would become his lover, muse, and the sitter for “Le Violon d’Ingres,” among other works. “The work is striking and, because of some darkroom magic, completely unique,” Darius Himes, Christie’s international head of photographs, told Hyperallergic in an email. “Man Ray printed the portrait of Kiki, as one would, placing the negative in the enlarger, and then, before processing the print, exposed the paper to pure white light through the f-holes which he had cut from thick cardstock,” Himes explained. “The results were inspired and perfectly evoked the kind of playful and sexual innuendo the Surrealists were known for.” Himes went on to quote from Ray’s autobiography, in which the artist mused over his work process with his lover and sitter. “Kiki undressed behind a screen … and came out, modestly holding her hand in front of her, exactly like Ingres’s painting of La Source,” Ray recalled. “Her body would have inspired any academic painter.” According to Himes, Ray held onto the original print until 1962, when he sold it to the collector couple. Melvin Jacobs, a former chairman and CEO of Saks Fifth Avenue, and his wife Rosalind, a Macy’s executive, first met the artist in 1954 via a mutual acquaintance, artist William Copley. “This fateful meeting would mark not only the beginning of Rosalind’s lifelong journey of collecting, but it would chart her on a new path of artistic discovery, and launch a number of close-knit friendships with artists including Marcel Duchamp, René Magritte, Max Ernst, Dorothea Tanning, and more,” Christie’s said in a statement. The couple’s daughter and estate executor, Peggy Jacobs Bader, added in a statement that the items in the collection represent “unique and intimate” stories and the “joyful spirit” of her parents’ relationships with the artists they’ve collected. Other highlights in the sale include Vija Celmins’ “Mars,” estimated at $1.8-2.5 million, and Marcel Duchamps’ “Feuille de vigne femelle” (1950), priced between $500,000–$800,000. The current record for a photograph sold at auction is held by Andreas Gursky’s “” (1990), which sold at Christie’s for $4.3 million in 2011. It may soon be shattered by the sale of Ray’s work, which Himes described as coming close to being “the Mona Lisa of the 20th century.” “As a leading figure in the DADA and Surrealist movements, Man Ray’s inventiveness and deft handling of all manner of materials, including photography, cleared the way for conceptual art practice as it developed during the rest of the 20th century,” the photography expert said. “All subsequent prints and editions are from a copy negative of this work, the Jacobs’ print.” Editor’s note 2/25/22 3pm EST: A previous version of this article misstated the artist’s birth place. The article has been corrected. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000089_A000015	www.africanews.com	https://www.africanews.com/2022/02/24/russia-ukraine-conflict-raises-big-risks-for-global-economy//	UGA	Russias attack on Ukraine and retaliatory sanctions from the West may not augur another global recession. The two countries together account for less than 2% of the worlds gross domestic product. And many regional economies remain in solid shape, having rebounded swiftly from the pandemic recession. Russia is the worlds third-biggest producer of petroleum and is a major exporter of natural gas. Ukraines farms feed millions around the world. And financial markets are in a precarious spot as central banks prepare to reverse years of easy-money policies and raise interest rates to fight a resurgence of inflation. Those higher rates will likely slow spending and raise the risk of another downturn. I wouldnt be misled by just calculating GDP ratios ... especially at a time when commodity prices are already high, inflation is already high, said Elina Ribakova, deputy chief economist at the Institute of International Finance, a trade group for banks. Its a tricky moment now, given where the global economy is. Russias attack could slow Europes economic recovery by sending already elevated energy prices ever higher. Europe, an energy importer, receives close to 40% of its natural gas from Russia. A cutoff of that energy source could undercut the continents economy. High natural gas prices have already led to higher home utility bills for both natural-gas heat and electricity generated from gas, crimping consumer spending. Gas prices in Europe are already crushing households and consumers, especially low-income households, said Adam Tooze, director of Columbia Universitys European Institute, whose 2018 history of the last decades financial crisis, Crashed, explored tensions over Ukraine. Costly gas has forced production cutbacks at producers of fertilizer and some other heavy industrial users. Annual inflation hit 5.1% in January in the 19 countries that use the euro, the highest rate since record-keeping began in 1997. Escalating tensions put two cornerstones of this years expected growth recovery — a rebound in consumer spending and a pickup in industrial activity — at further risk, Oliver Rakau and Mateusz Urban at Oxford Economics said in a research note. Natural gas prices, which have tended to rise on crisis news, remain about four times what they were at the start of 2021. Russia sold less gas than normal on the short-term spot market, raising concerns that the Kremlin was using gas to press for approval of its Nord Stream 2 pipeline. A mild winter and extra supplies of liquefied natural gas from the United States have helped ease some of Europes jitters about a potential loss of Russian gas. Analysts say Russia has no interest in a complete gas cutoff, which would mean a sharp loss of revenue. The threat to farms in eastern Ukraine and exports through Black Sea ports could reduce wheat supplies at a time when global food prices are at their highest level since 2011 and some countries are suffering from food shortages. Ukraine is the worlds fifth-largest wheat exporter, agricultural analyst Alex Smith wrote last month in the journal Foreign Policy, and many of the countries that rely on its wheat already face food insecurity from ongoing political instability or outright violence. Yemen, for instance, imports 22% of its wheat consumption from Ukraine, Libya about 43%, Lebanon roughly half. Rising energy and food prices will intensify the inflationary pressures that policymakers and central banks are struggling to ease. In the estimation of Capital Economics, a worst-case scenario of an escalating conflict and sanctions could send oil prices up to as much as $140 a barrel — international Brent crude had surged above $100 on Thursday after Russia attacked Ukraine — and force natural gas prices up, too. That combination would add a sizable 2 percentage points to annual inflation in the worlds wealthy countries, Capital Economics estimates. In the United States, the worlds largest economy, consumer inflation jumped 7.5% last month compared with 12 months earlier, the steepest annual increase since 1982. With inflation running hot, central banks may have less leeway — or inclination — to ride to the rescue with stimulus if the economy sputters in the face of the military conflict in Ukraine. The current inflationary backdrop suggests that policymakers have less flexibility than in the past to respond to a slowdown in real activity or a fall in asset prices, said Jonathan Petersen at Capital Economics. Indeed, stocks have tumbled in anticipation of higher rates and a potential downturn. Market benchmarks in Europe and Asia fell by as much as 4% on Thursday, while Wall Street futures retreated by an unusually wide daily margin of 2.5%. In the face geopolitical worries, Michael Taylor, managing director at Moodys Investors Service, warns that investors may flee to Treasurys and other super-safe investments, thereby driving up the relative credit costs for riskier businesses. Chinese property developers would be particularly exposed to this risk as they try to roll over large amounts of foreign debt this year, Taylor said. Financial markets could grow even more chaotic if the United States proceeds with what some call the nuclear option: Cutting Russia out of the SWIFT payment network, a messaging service that links thousands of banks and allows them to transfer payments around the world. Such a move would isolate Russia and bar the transfer of profits from energy production, which account for more than 40% of the countrys revenue. But shutting Russia out of international finance could backfire, too, hurting U.S. and European companies that do business with Russian companies. 
20220225_160119_irl_C000123_A000030	www.rte.ie	https://www.rte.ie/sport/united-rugby-championship/2022/0224/1282737-leavy-back-for-leinster-as-ruddock-hits-200th-cap/	IRL	Dan Leavy will make his return from a wrist injury for Leinster in tomorrow nights United Rugby Championship visit of the Emirates Lions to the RDS. The flanker has recovered earlier than expected from the surgery he underwent in January. He comes into the back row at blindside for just his fifth appearance of the season, and his first since the end of November. Leavy is among nine changes from last weeks win against the Ospreys, forming an all new back row alongside Connacht-bound Josh Murphy and Rhys Ruddock, who will make his 200th appearance for the province. Its also a new second row partnership, with Joe McCarthy set for his second appearance for the province, 273 behind his partner Devin Toner. Michael Alaalatoa and James Tracy continue in the front row, with Ed Byrne joining them at loosehead. The backline is more settled with Ross Byrne continuing at out-half, while his brother Harry links up with Jamie Osborne once again in the centre. With Jimmy OBrien and Jordan Lamrour away on duty for Ireland, Max OReilly starts at full-back, while Tommy OBrien is on the right wing, with Dave Kearney wearing the 11 shirt once again. Nick McCarthy replaces captain Luke McGrath at scrum-half.Leinster: Max OReilly; Tommy OBrien, Jamie Osborne, Harry Byrne, Dave Kearney; Ross Byrne, Nick McCarthy; Ed Byrne, James Tracy, Michael Alaalatoa; Devin Toner, Joe McCarthy; Josh Murphy, Dan Leavy, Rhys Ruddock (capt) Replacements: Sean Cronin, Peter Dooley, Thomas Clarkson, Jack Dunne, Max Deegan, Luke McGrath, Adam Byrne, Scott Penny Listen to the RTÉ Rugby podcast on , , or . Follow all of Irelands Six Nations games via our live blogs on rte.ie/sport and on the RTÉ News App or listen to live radio coverage on RTÉ Radio 1. Watch live coverage of Connacht v Stormers (12.30) and England v Wales on Saturday 26 Feb (4pm) on RTÉ2 and RTÉ Player. Highlights on Against the Head, Mondays, 8pm. 
20220225_160119_sgp_C000126_A000023	www.espn.com.sg	https://www.espn.com.sg/soccer/uefa-europa-league/story/4601788/barcelonanapoli-players-hold-stop-war-banner-ahead-of-europa-league-match	SGP	Barcelona and Napoli players hold up a Stop War banner ahead of their Europa League playoff second leg. Getty and players held up a Stop War banner ahead of their Europa League tie on Thursday following Russias invasion of Ukraine.Players and coaching staff from both teams came together minutes before kickoff at the Diego Armando Maradona stadium to pose in front of the slogan after a day of protests across the world.Barca beat Napoli handily by a to reach the last 16 of the Europa League, a competition the Spanish side have not been involved in since 2004. The first leg ended 1-1 at Camp Nou on Feb. 17.Elsewhere in the Europa League on Thursday, Ukraine international unveiled a No war in Ukraine T-shirt after scoring for against Olympiakos as the Italians progressed to the next round.In the Europa Conference League, Slavia Prague We stand with Ukraine in a winning outing against Fenerbahce in UEFAs third-tier competition.The actions follow Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyys decision to impose martial law across the country earlier in the day after Russia launched land, sea and air attacks on the country. 
20220225_160119_nga_C000165_A000026	guardian.ng	https://guardian.ng/life/nonso-amadi-returns-with-foreigner/	NGA	7 hours ago Falana returns with the final focus track from her critically acclaimed Rising EP, ‘Energy” Re-Up, which boasted hits tracks “Joy” & “Sweet Adetola”. As one of the original Alte artistes, the Falana sound could never make it in description as simply R&B or Afrobeat. The Energy Re-Up, with additional production by BK2/The Fullest, adds a… 1 day ago Nigerian record label, Squareball Entertainment collaborates with music business agency, Beast NG to provide effective communications strategies for the label’s frontline artist, 1da Banton. Beast NG is a tech-savvy music business agency focused on talent development, distribution, public relations and communications. They help artists and record labels develop their brand influence through effective management, PR… 2 days ago Amapiano is blending with local music scenes around the world to create a haven for reinterpretation and the exchange of cultures. The hybrid of house, jazz and lounge music is sweeping the globe and this week takes centre stage in Spotify: Music That Moves, a new content series which will tell stories about locally grown… 2 days ago Grammy award-winning singer Wizkid has teased his upcoming single on Instagram. The singer shared a snippet of him vibing to the single in the studio. In another story, he posted New sound days away, which means the song might be dropping soon. Teasing the drop of his new album, the Made In Lagos singer wrote on Instagram,… 4 days ago Honeydrop has released a new song called Sample, which is a mix of Afro-Pop Fusion and Amapiano sound. With its release in expectation for listeners, it is planned to revitalize the Nigerian music mainstream through a mind-blowing innovative sound and lyrical rhythm. Sample, which was produced by Tobss, will make it Honeydrops second official song… 
20220223_165637_nam_C000588_A000020	9to5mac.com	https://9to5mac.com/2022/02/24/clubhouse-now-let-users-interact-in-voice-rooms-with-text-chat/	NAM	Clubhouse launched in 2020 as a social network dedicated to live audio chat, an idea that was later followed by competitors such as Twitter and Reddit. Now Clubhouse has announced a major change to its app, which will now let users interact in voice rooms with text chat. As announced by the social network on its (via ), Clubhouse wants everyone to be able to join live conversations, whether by voice or text. Named “In-Room Chat,” the new feature works similar to what apps like Zoom and Skype offer: a text chat area within a live room. Don’t want to miss your moment to share a killer joke? Want to put in a song request? Want to react with the <U+0001F525> emoji? You can now drop it in the in-room chat. Voice room moderators will be able to delete chat messages, and creators can choose to disable text chat when starting a new room. Clubhouse says the audience will also have options to report comments and provide feedback to moderators to ensure that the text chat is a safe space. However, moderating comments in rooms with hundreds or thousands of people will certainly not be an easy task. Rooms with text chat enabled will have a dedicated icon at the bottom left of the screen. After the live audio has ended, all messages sent during the chat can be read by anyone listening to the Replay of the room. The social network also expects that the new feature will help creators to conduct “quick polls or sourcing questions” on a live chat with multiple people. Earlier this year, , so that anyone can listen to a live chat. However, it is not yet possible to join as a speaker via the web. The new In-Room Chat feature is now being rolled out to users with the latest version of the . FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. VIDEO 
20220223_165637_nga_C000614_A000033	www.forbes.com	https://www.forbes.com/sites/jamiecartereurope/2022/02/24/the-iron-giant-asteroid-worth-more-than-our-global-economy-may-have-an-explosive-secret-say-scientists/	NGA	This artist’s conception shows a close-up of the Psyche asteroid. Peter Rubin A new study suggests that 16 Psyche, one of the most intriguing and asteroids we know of, could be covered in iron-spewing volcanoes. It’s one of the theories being proposed to explain why the object, which measures 140 miles/226 kilometers in diameter and orbits the Sun in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, shines so brightly. NASA will send its Psyche spacecraft to 16 Psyche later this year. It will arrive in 2026 and go into orbit in an effort to characterize the strange object. Unlike most asteroids, which are comprised of rock and ice, 16 Psyche is thought to be the exposed metallic iron, nickel and gold from the early solar system whose rocky crust and mantle were blasted away by an ancient collision. If that’s true then it could be worth —more than the worth of Earth’s economy—though such theories are largely based on how reflective its surface is. A new study in Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets suggests that 16 Psyche may be less heavy metal and more hard rock than previously thought. This illustration depicts the 140-mile-wide (226-kilometer-wide) asteroid Psyche, which lies in the ... [+] main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Peter Rubin It may be very reflective, but the way its gravity tugs on neighboring bodies suggests that 16 Psyche is not as dense as it would be if it was comprised primarily of iron. It could be that 16 Psyche is highly porous, like a ball of steel wool, but this new study—which developed a computer model based on known thermal properties of iron—suggests that it’s very unlikely to have evolved that way. The researchers also say that it’s extremely unlikely that a body of 16 Psyche’s size could have cooled quickly enough to remain porous. So if 16 Psyche isn’t a porous, all-iron body, what is it? The study suggests that it could actually be rockier than thought, with the reflectivity explained by the presence on its surface of volcanoes that have spewed some of its iron core onto its surface. The Psyche spacecraft being assembled in Palo Alto, CA. Maxar The Psyche mission is part of NASA’s Discovery Program of low-cost robotic space missions. It’s due to launch from Pad 39A at Cape Canaveral, Florida, in August 2022 , fly-past Mars in 2023, and begin orbiting the asteroid in January 2026. “The mission is exciting because Psyche is such a bizarre and mysterious thing,” said Fiona Nichols-Fleming, a Ph.D. student at Brown and the studys lead author. “So anything the mission finds will be really important new data points for the solar system.” Wishing you clear skies and wide eyes. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000632_A000024	www.rollingstone.com	https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/snoop-dogg-motion-to-dismiss-sex-assault-lawsuit-1312520/	ETH	UPDATE (3/24/2022): is asking a judge to dismiss an amended complaint filed by the unidentified woman who sued him last month with claims the rap icon forced her into a sex act in a recording studio bathroom nearly nine years ago. The updated complaint, filed March 10, adds new causes of action including defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress and negligent infliction of emotional distress to the trafficking and sexual assault and battery claims first filed Feb. 9. In his new response filed Thursday, Snoop Dogg, whose legal name is Calvin Broadus, argues his accuser can’t prove she was employed by him or his companies around the time of the alleged assault because the companies named in her complaint “undisputedly did not exist at the time of plaintiff’s fabricated May 2013 allegations.” Broadus and his lawyers also say the woman’s new defamation and emotional distress claims should fail because his “speaking out against and denying” her allegations does not rise to the level of “outrageous” behavior and he doesn’t owe her any duty of care because he never employed her. The woman’s lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Rolling Stone on Thursday. *** Originally published 2/24/2022 Snoop Dogg claims the filed against him by an unidentified woman earlier this month is so chronically flawed, a federal judge has no choice but to toss it out of court. In a new 17-page dismissal motion filed Thursday, the rapper, born Calvin Broadus, says allegations that he cornered the woman in a recording studio bathroom nearly nine years ago and forced her into a sex act are both “implausible and false.” Beyond that, they’re too “threadbare” to support a claim under the federal sex trafficking statute listed in the complaint and too old to prosecute under state law, he claims. “Nothing remotely resembling plaintiff’s story about defendant Calvin Broadus ever happened. He vehemently denies ever engaging in any sex act with plaintiff or assaulting or battering her,” the new filing obtained by Rolling Stone states. “She provides no allegations of any statement by defendant that he would help her career, and no allegations of any statement about how defendant might advance her career. Instead, the only allegation plaintiff makes is that [co-defendant Donald] Campbell — not defendant — said going to the studio where defendant was would be ‘a career move,’” the new paperwork claims. According to the filing, Snoop Dogg is adamant that the forcible oral sex described in the woman’s complaint “never happened.” He also doubles down on “Plaintiff’s complaint, launched just days before defendant’s Super Bowl Halftime performance, was a thinly veiled attempt to extort defendant for money to stop plaintiff from continuing to assert her false claims publicly. But the fatal deficiencies in her complaint ensure her gambit will not succeed,” his new filing alleges, asking that the lawsuit be dismissed with prejudice. The Jane Doe accuser filed Feb. 9 that Snoop and Campbell, a.k.a. Bishop Don Magic Juan, sexually assaulted her in back-to-back attacks following a Snoop Dogg concert at Club Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim, California, on May 29, 2013. She claims the assaults took place during an era when she purportedly worked for the rapper as a stage dancer. Asked by Rolling Stone whether the woman ever worked for Snoop Dogg, a spokesperson for the rapper claimed there were no records of the woman’s employment. “[She] was never employed by Snoop Dogg or any of his companies and has furnished no proof to support her claim of employment by Snoop Dogg and/or his companies,” the rep said. In the Feb. 9 complaint, the woman alleges Campbell assaulted her at a residence after the concert when he “removed his penis from his pants” and “repeatedly shoved his penis into [her] mouth.” She further claims Campbell demanded she accompany him to a recording studio where Snoop purportedly was filming his TV series, Snoop Dogg’s Double G News Network. She claims Campbell told her Snoop wanted her there and might make her “his weather girl.” She complied “in hopes of advancing her career,” her filing states. According to the complaint, the woman felt sick and was using a bathroom at the studio when Snoop Dogg allegedly entered, shut the door, grabbed her shoulder and forced his penis into her mouth. She claims the rapper also masturbated in front of her. “Plaintiff found herself thinking about her job security if she displeased defendant Snoop Dogg,” the complaint states. “Plaintiff felt pressured by defendant Snoop Dogg due to his dominance, and his position of power over her, including his ability to hire and fire her and ensure that she would never be hired in his industry again.” The accuser’s lawyer, Matt Finkelberg, calls his client “brave” for having “the courage to stand up for her rights” against someone with “elite celebrity status.” “We believe it is the defendants’ intention to attack and intimidate any woman who goes against them,” Finkelberg said in a statement to Rolling Stone. “If harassers like Mr. Broadus continue to retaliate against those who stand up to them, we are concerned there will be a disastrous chilling effect, and women will not come forward out of fear of retaliation. Even worse, harassers would feel emboldened to sexually assault without fear of consequences,” he said. A ruling on Snoop Dogg’s dismissal motion was not immediately forthcoming. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000639_A000016	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/anand-subramanian-former-operating-officer-of-nse-arrested-by-cbi-2788364	IND	Anand Subramanian was first appointed as Chief Strategic Adviser in the NSE in 2013New Delhi: Former National Stock Exchange (NSE) group operating officer Anand Subramanian, whose appointment was allegedly among the decisions influenced by a yogi living in the Himalayas, was arrested by the CBI late Thursday night in a case involving stock market manipulation.The arrest was made because of fresh facts emerging in a damning report by market regulator SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) report, officials said on Friday.Anand Subramanian was questioned for days in Chennai before the agency decided to arrest him, the officials said.Anand Subramanian was first appointed as Chief Strategic Adviser in the NSE in 2013 and then promoted as Group Operating Officer in 2015 by then Managing Director Chitra Ramkrishna. In 2016, he left the National Stock Exchange after allegations of irregularities surfaced.Chitra Ramkrishna is under investigation for allegedly sharing confidential information with a yogi in the Himalayas, who also influenced her decisions.One of those decisions was Anand Subramanians appointment and frequent, arbitrary and disproportionate hikes in his salary without any evidence of a performance evaluation, according to SEBI.SEBI has charged Chitra Ramkrishna and others with alleged governance lapses in the appointment of Subramanian and his outsized promotion.SEBI has fined Ramkrishna Rs 3 crore, and Rs 2 crore each is the fine imposed on NSE, Subramanian, former NSE MD and CEO Ravi Narain. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000639_A000035	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/health-news/long-term-implications-of-gastroesophageal-reflux-disease-gerd-what-are-the-risks-involved/photostory/89797626.cms	IND	Doctors and medical professionals may prescribe certain medications to treat GERD. However, make sure to consult your physician for effective results. Common over-the-counter (OTC) medications include:- Antacids: Antacids help ease mild and occasional symptoms of acid reflux and GERD. These help eliminate the acid in the esophagus and stomach and stop heartburn. - H2 receptor blockers: Those with chronic reflux may be prescribed H2 blockers which work towards blocking acid secretion in the stomach.- Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs): PPIs also lower the amount of acid in the stomach and help ease irritation in the esophagus.Those who have mild symptoms of GERD can resort to these lifestyle changes that can decrease ones risk of developing severe complications. - Maintain healthy weight - Quit smoking and alcohol consumption- Practice portion control (avoid eating large meals)- Do not lie down immediately after eating a heavy meal- Avoid foods that are processed, fried and oily- Say no to colas and other carbonated beverages, caffeine and citrus fruits 
20220223_165637_nam_C000643_A000001	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/feb/25/ukraine-invasion-explosions-in-kyiv-as-uk-reports-fierce-resistance-across-the-nation	NAM	Fighting has reached the suburbs and historic centre of Kyiv as Russian troops closed in on the Ukrainian capital, while Moscow indicated it was ready to talk and Ukraine’s president, , pleaded for international help.After early morning missile attacks, Russian forces advanced to the city’s outskirts from three sides on Friday as Ukrainian soldiers set up defensive positions at key bridges and patrolled in armoured vehicles watched by anxious residents.A day after Russia of its south-western neighbour, the defence ministry in Moscow claimed it had cut Kyiv off from the west and seized a strategic airport at Hostomel, on the outskirts, allowing it to airlift troops to the front.In an extraordinary message addressed to Ukrainian troops, the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, called on them to overthrow the government, whose leaders he described as “terrorists” and “a gang of drug addicts and neo-Nazis”.Ukrainian officials said 1,000 Russian servicemen had been killed so far, but warned that advance enemy units had already entered the Obolonskyi district of northern . The defence ministry advised residents to “prepare molotov cocktails”.The mayor of Kyiv, Vitali Klitschko, said the city had entered “a defensive phase”. He added: “Shots and explosions are ringing out … and saboteurs have already entered Kyiv. The enemy wants to put the capital on its knees and destroy us.”The Kremlin spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said Russia was ready to send a delegation, including foreign and defence ministry officials, to the Belarusian capital, Minsk, for talks with , providing the country agreed to demilitarise.Ukraine has said it is willing to discuss declaring itself a neutral county. The Russian foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, also said Moscow was ready for talks if Ukrainian forces laid down their arms. “No one is planning to occupy Ukraine,” Lavrov said, insisting Russia’s troops were freeing Ukraine from “oppression”.Zelenskiy pleaded with western powers to act faster to cut off Russia’s economy and provide Ukraine with military assistance. “When bombs fall on Kyiv, it happens in , not just in Ukraine,” he said. “When missiles kill our people, they kill all Europeans.”The west scrambled to respond to Putin’s aggression with a range of fresh sanctions against Moscow, with the US also announcing it would send a further 7,000 troops to Germany to shore up Nato’s eastern borders.There were divisions, however, on the strength of the response. The US president, Joe Biden, and his Nato counterparts sought to reassure member countries on the alliance’s eastern flank, from Estonia to Bulgaria, that their security was guaranteed as Russian forces advanced on Kyiv.“Russia has shattered peace on the European continent,” the Nato secretary general, Jens Stoltenberg, said as he opened a video summit. “Moscow bears sole responsibility for the deliberate, cold-blooded and long-planned invasion.”The UN security council will also vote on Friday on a draft resolution condemning Russia’s invasion and requiring an immediate withdrawal – although Moscow can veto the measure and it was unclear how China would vote.The EU on Friday was set to freeze European assets linked to Putin and Lavrov and introduce more measures against Russian banks and industry after facing angry remonstrations from Kyiv for from cutting out of the Swift international payments system through which it receives foreign currency.Zelenskiy earlier on Friday accused Europe of not being hard or quick enough in sanctioning Russia earlier, urging citizens to compel their governments to do more to stop Putin’s invasion.“Europe has enough strength to stop this aggression,” he said. “You have to act swiftly. We demand effective counteraction to the Russian Federation. Sanctions must be further strengthened.”France’s finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, said as he arrived for an EU meeting in Brussels that further sanctions were likely. “This isn’t enough. We need to choke the Russian system and in particular further target the oligarchs,” he said.Why has Putin’s Russia waged war on Ukraine? – video explainerAccording to a leaked draft of the new sanctions agreed by EU leaders, all members of the Duma, the Russian security council and any Belarusian officials in the military and ministry of defence who “facilitated” the invasion of Ukraine will be subject to travel bans and asset freezes.Le Maire said, however, that ejecting Russia from Swift, which would have serious economic consequences for leading EU member states including Germany, France and Italy, would be “a very last resort”.Beyond the diplomatic arena, Uefa moved the Champions League final to Paris from St Petersburg, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) called on international sports federations to cancel all current or future sporting events in Russia, and Russia was ejected from the Eurovision song contest.The invasion could drive up to 5 million people to flee abroad, UN aid agencies said on Friday, adding that at least 100,000 people are already uprooted in the country and fuel, cash and medical supplies were running low.Streams of people – mostly women and children, since Ukrainian men aged 18-60 are forbidden to leave – crossed into Hungary, Poland and Romania, with 15-hour queues reported at border points. Guards fired warning shots to prevent a stampede at Kyiv’s central station as thousands tried to force their way on to evacuation trains.Earlier on Friday, heavy pre-dawn blasts in Kyiv set off a second day of violence after Putin on Thursday defied western warnings to unleash the biggest attack on a European state since the second world war.A Ukrainian police officer stands in front of a damaged residential block in Kyiv on Friday. Photograph: Chris McGrath/Getty Images“Horrific Russian rocket strikes on Kyiv,” Ukraine’s foreign minister, Dmytro Kuleba, tweeted. “Last time our capital experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany. Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one.”Cleaning broken glass from her room, one Kyiv resident, Oxana Gulenko, said: “How we can live through it in our time? What should we think. Putin should be burned in hell along with his whole family.”Witnesses said loud explosions could also be heard in Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-biggest city, close to the border with Russia, while air raid sirens sounded over Lviv in the west. A resident told the Guardian the eastern city of Sumy had been taken.In the village of Starognativka, near the frontline where separatists have faced off against Kyiv’s forces for years, a local official, Volodymyr Veselkin, said missiles had been raining down all morning and the power was out. “They are trying to wipe the village off the face of the earth,” he said.Zelenskiy said in a televised address that Putin was targeting civilian as well as military sites. “They say that civilian objects are not a target for them. It is a lie; they do not distinguish in which areas to operate,” he said, vowing to continue defending his country and criticising world leaders for “watching from afar”.The international criminal court said on Friday it might investigate possible war crimes, though did not provide any further details. Putin says Ukraine is an illegitimate state carved out of Russia, although his ultimate aims remain obscure.In Russia, thousands of people defied tough anti-protest legislation to stage anti-war rallies across the country on Thursday night. OVD-Info, which monitors arrests at opposition protests, said more than 1,800 people in 59 cities had been detained. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000649_A000015	www.cnbctv18.com	https://www.cnbctv18.com/market/stocks/stock-market-news-live-updates-bse-sensex-nse-nifty50-bank-nifty-sgx-russia-ukraine-war-news-chernobyl-crude-oil-bitcoin-gold-rate-omicron-covid-12620702.htm	IND	Market At Close | Sensex, Nifty50 recovers half of previous day’s losses Here are some highlights: --Sensex, Nifty50 break 7-day losing streak --Midcap index clocks biggest gain in 2 years --Volatility index falls 16 percent --BSE-listed companies’ market cap increases by more than Rs 8 lakh crore (they had lost Rs 13 lakh crore on Thursday) --Except Britannia, all Nifty stocks in the green --Coal India, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Adani Ports, IndusInd top Nifty gainers --Tata Motors regains almost all of previous day’s losses, up 7 percent --NBCC, PNB, DLF, Dixon, Rain Industries, JSPL, BHEL top midcap gainers --PFC, HPCL, Dr Lal, Metropolis, Nippon slip --Market breadth in favour of bulls; advance-decline ratio at 6:1 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000650_A000009	www.thetimes.co.uk	https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/mp-calls-for-roman-abramovich-to-be-stripped-of-chelsea-ownership-39b2qq37t	GBR	Roman Abramovich has been named as a person of interest by the UK government because of his links to the Russian state and his “public association with corrupt activity and practices”, according to a leaked document.A confidential Home Office document dated 2019 cited the owner of as an example of Russian billionaires whom the government was monitoring.•It stated that the government would use “the relevant tools at its disposal, including immigration powers” to prevent Russian oligarchs using the UK to facilitate illicit finance.Abramovich is not understood to have been barred from the country by the Home Office. His visa expired in 2018 and he withdrew his application to renew it 
20220223_165637_gbr_C000650_A000027	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/football/2022/feb/24/arsenal-wolves-premier-league-match-report	GBR	A week ago it was tempting to pay Mikel Arteta little heed when he claimed to have detected a fundamental change in Nicolas Pépé’s demeanour. It smacked of a manager trying to talk up a failed club record signing in time for the summer and it was hardly the first time he had spoken of a turning point for the Ivorian. But by the end this felt like one for both player and, thrillingly for all those who celebrated wildly after snatched the points in injury time, a club whose tails are up at long last.Champions League places are secured through nights like this: if any doubt remained, it should now be acknowledged that Arteta’s team have an excellent chance of achieving their end.When Arteta scanned his bench for options to rescue a night that appeared likely to be defined by Hwang Hee-chan’s early goal for Wolves, it did not say much that Pépé appeared by far his best option to turn things around.He had barely played in the since October, but Arsenal’s squad is thin and was dealt another blow this week when Emile Smith Rowe was taken ill. Pépé and another forward seemingly destined for an exit, Eddie Nketiah, were what amounted to the cavalry but nobody will understate their ability to make an impact now.Arsenal had gathered breath for a late onslaught after largely toiling during the second half but Wolves, who may regret failing to bare their teeth more often given their impressive precision when they did attack, looked likely to hold out. Then Nketiah ran on to a delicately chipped ball down the right from Martin Řdegaard, who performed superbly yet again, and sensed Pépé making a run inside him. His clipped pass took Pépé away from goal but was tamed sublimely with a right-footed dragback, creating in one movement a chance that was clinically dispatched with his left.Pépé had been on the pitch for 11 minutes and Nketiah for six. When the fourth official’s board showed another half-dozen to be played after regulation time, brought about in part by a bizarre episode in which Raúl Jiménez was booked for refusing to leave the field after his number was apparently put up in error, Arsenal scented a winner.“I told you last week, I see a different Nico,” Arteta said of Pépé afterwards. He made another critical contribution with the game’s final significant action. As with most of Arsenal’s best work, the move gained its crucial traction at Řdegaard’s feet. He fed Alexandre Lacazette inside the area and the captain, who had worked tirelessly but endured a frustrating night, played a sharp one-two with Pépé. It gave Lacazette a shooting chance at an angle on the right and, while his effort would have gone wide, it was diverted into the far corner off José Sá’s glove. The Emirates erupted; it may go down as an own goal but the significance could be far-reaching.Nicolas Pépé keeps his composure to score. Photograph: Shaun Botterill/Getty ImagesFor most of the affair Wolves had been on course to leapfrog Arsenal into fifth place and avenge their narrow defeat at Molineux less than a fortnight previously. They had started well, seeing Romain Saďss’s effort narrowly disallowed for offside before Hwang capitalised on a rare error from Gabriel.The centre-back had been the matchwinner in the previous encounter but here, guarding a long pass down the left as Jiménez gave chase, he was sloppy. An attempted back pass to Aaron Ramsdale was executed without enough purchase or, crucially, a look up. In nipped Hwang with the keeper stranded and his tightly angled finish was made to look simple.Jiménez, playing here for the first time since the sickening clash of heads with David Luiz that fractured his skull in November 2020, should have doubled the lead almost immediately but dragged wide after being sent away by Daniel Podence. Wolves could rue that and the moment when, just after the interval, more fine work from Podence released Hwang for a shot that slithered wide of the far post via Aaron Ramsdale’s foot.Otherwise Arsenal made the running even if clear chances were scarce.Superb first-half blocks by Saďss and Max Kilman, from Řdegaard and Lacazette respectively, characterised Wolves’ formidable defending of the six-yard box while Gabriel Martinelli stabbed over.The Fiver: sign up and get our daily football email.Lacazette, who too often appeared sluggish once he got inside the box, saw two shots saved and screwed another couple wide. It did not appear Arsenal’s night but, as Arteta pelted down the touchline and punched his fists in front of the crowd upon witnessing their clincher, suddenly this started to feel like their year.“We had a difficult January but we are coming back better in February and we want to continue until the end of the season,” a delighted Lacazette said. The momentum is all Arsenal’s now. 
20220223_165637_isr_C000651_A000032	www.itechpost.com	https://www.itechpost.com/articles/109288/20220224/nasa-asteroid-warning-burj-khalifa-sized-asteroid-passes-by-earth-in-march-categorized-as-potentially-hazardous.htm	ISR	A potentially hazardous asteroid is passing by Earth next week. Many astronomers are pointing their telescopes in the asteroids direction in hopes of recording the event. The space rock is estimated to fly by more than 3 million miles away from Earth, which is approximately 12 times farther than the Moon. This means the asteroid will pose no danger to the planet as it passes by from a relatively safe distance. NASA Asteroid Tracker: The Eiffel Tower-Sized Asteroid The NASA calls this incoming asteroid 138971 (2001 CB21). They estimate its size to be 3,940 feet in diameter, which is significantly bigger than the 2,720-feet Burj Khalifa in Dubai (via Newsweek). The asteroid will reach its closest point to Earth on March 4 at 2:59 AM ET. Note that the asteroid will travel more than 26,800 miles per hour during its passing. For reference, NASA generally categorizes all asteroids that are big in diameter and close enough to the planet as Potentially Hazardous Asteroid (PHA). However, this label does not imply that the asteroid is a threat to the Earth. So fans can be assured that 2001 CB21 is not on a collision course with Earth. Read Also: NASA Asteroid Photos: The Asteroid 2001 CB21 Many excited space fans have started searching for signs on the passing asteroid. Gianluca Masi, an astronomer at the Virtual Telescope Project in Italy, managed to capture the 2001 CB21 in a short video clip. the details on the Potentially Hazardous Asteroid (138971) 2001 CB21. The clip was taken on Wednesday, Feb 23, between 9:31 and 10:10 PM UTC. Keep in mind that since the asteroid is 6.2 million miles away, it can only be seen as a white dot in the center of the image. The Virtual Telescope explained in that the photo was taken from a single 120-second exposure by the PlaneWave 17 robotic telescope unit. How to Watch the Passing Asteroid When asked about the asteroid discovery, Masi told , the advanced technology we use makes our telescopes among the best ones on the planet to track and share even the fastest, demanding asteroids. He also added, actually, it is the continuously improving technology which is making it possible for us to spot smaller and smaller objects, which we were simply missing before. Note that The Virtual Telescope Project plans to host a live stream of the Asteroid passing overhead. Its WebTV will start on March 4, 3 AM UTC, so fans are recommended to prepare for the date. Fans are also advised to log in to the event at least an hour before the schedule so they can still watch the introduction. For others who might miss the live stream, the playback should be available after the event on YouTube. More details about the live stream should be available the closer it gets to the event date. VIDEORelated Article: 
20220223_165637_ind_C000662_A000030	www.barcablaugranes.com	https://www.barcablaugranes.com/2022/2/25/22949800/carles-puyol-is-loving-xavis-work-at-barcelona	IND	Barcelona legend Carles Puyol was happy to offer his thoughts on Xavi’s team after Thursday’s impressive 4-2 win over Napoli in Italy. The Catalans put in a superb performance at the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium to progress to the last 16 of the Europa League 5-3 on aggregate. Puyol let slip on after the game that he’d had a little bet when Xavi took over Barcelona and is really liking what he’s seeing from the Catalans. “When Barça hired Xavi, I said we would win the league, I bet a dinner, I don’t know if I’ll pay for it, but what I know for sure is that I like this team. And I’m sure it will give us joy, sooner rather than later.” Xavi’s team have certainly been bringing plenty of joy in recent weeks. Thursday’s win over Napoli is the latest in a run of fine results that have included big La Liga wins over Valencia and . However, another tough fixture awaits next for the Catalans. Athletic are the next visitors to the Camp Nou in La Liga on Sunday and we all know what to expect from Marcelino’s men. 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000682_A000003	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/man-threw-bottle-spottiswoode-condominium-man-died-andrew-gosling-admits-crimes-2518996	SGP	SINGAPORE: After consuming alcohol, a man looked down at a group of people having a barbecue by the pool two floors down from his condominium unit and . The bottle struck the head of a 73-year-old man, killing him, before ricocheting and striking the shoulder of the mans wife, injuring her. Australian Andrew Gosling, 49, admitted to his crimes on Friday (Feb 25). He told the police that he wanted to startle the group, who were from the Malay Muslim community. The court heard that he was also angry and upset at attacks committed by fundamentalist groups in Bali and Melbourne that had killed Australian citizens. But his lawyer argued that while he was guilty of throwing the bottle, this was not a religious hate crime. Gosling, who has been remanded for more than two years and five months, pleaded guilty to a charge each of causing death by a rash act and causing grievous hurt by a rash act. The court heard that Gosling entered Singapore in July 2019 to seek employment and subsequently rented a unit at the Spottiswoode 18 condominium in Tanjong Pagar. On Aug 18, 2019, he had a pint of beer at lunch with an acquaintance, before returning to the condominium where he went for a swim. He noticed a group of people having a barbecue on the fifth floor next to the pool. After his swim, Gosling had dinner at a hawker centre, where he had two bottles of beer. He went back to his unit where he drank another can of beer at the balcony of his seventh-floor unit overlooking the pool. He observed that the people at the barbecue were from the Malay Muslim community, as there were women wearing headscarves, the prosecutor said. Gosling had admitted during police investigations that he thought of using a weapon such as a gun to shoot at the group, but dismissed this thought as he thought it would be a heinous act. Sometime after 8pm, he went to the rubbish chute at the lift lobby on the seventh floor to dispose of his garbage. As he did so, he saw 12 to 15 people downstairs having a barbecue. He found an empty wine bottle that was about 30cm long at the chute and held it by its neck, raising it before flinging it downwards and aiming it at where the tables and barbecue area were located. The bottle struck the victim on his head, before ricocheting and hitting his wife on her shoulder. It then landed unbroken on the ground. Gosling shouted religiously charged vulgarities before running back to this unit, the prosecution said. VICTIM COLLAPSED, WIFE INJURED The victim collapsed to the ground and was unconscious, the court heard. His 69-year-old wife was also taken to hospital when she could not raise her arm. The victim suffered multiple skull fractures and extensive bleeding in his brain and died the next morning. The cause of his death was determined to be head injuries. After the incident, about 25 police officers were deployed to the condominium. When they spoke to Gosling, he repeatedly denied hearing any commotion, claiming he was in his unit. He was shown the bottle in a subsequent interview, but lied that he had never seen it although he recognised it. It was only after he had given DNA and fingerprint samples that he realised he might be traced to the bottle and turned himself in. This was on Aug 28, 2019, 10 days after the incident. In the meantime, the police had conducted more than 200 interviews on-site with condominium residents, recorded multiple statements and obtained 92 DNA swabs and fingerprint samples. Gosling was assessed by a psychiatrist from the Institute of Mental Health and found to have been intoxicated around the time of the offence. He has a past history of anxiety disorder, but no contributory link was found between his mental condition and the offence. A second report issued jointly with the defences psychiatrist stated that Gosling was inebriated, but that the amount of alcohol was within his usual limits and not enough to remove his culpability for the offence. The level of alcohol did contribute to the offence, the report stated, and Gosling experienced some impairment of judgment, but this did not affect his soundness of mind. According to the report, he was prone to having obsessive negative thoughts in relation to Muslims when he was intoxicated, but this did not reflect his true feelings. THE IMPACT ON THE VICTIMS WIFE The victims wife had her arm in a sling for about two months. She had been married to the victim for 45 years at the time and had four children with him, but is now living alone. Before his death, the victim worked as a van driver for a delivery company and would give his wife S$600 for monthly expenses. She now keeps herself busy in order not to think about her husband and cooks dinner daily for all her children to fill the void caused by her husbands death, the court heard. She feels a big loss and even more so during the fasting month and family gatherings, the prosecutor said. Deputy Public Prosecutor G Kannan asked for seven years jail for Gosling, saying that the seriousness of the matter was not truly captured in the description of the offences as a rash act. This was no random rash act, he said, saying that Gosling had hostile thoughts towards Muslims and acted on those thoughts by aiming the bottle at the table. His conduct is quite frankly appalling, said Mr Kannan, adding that any offender who commits an offence involving racial or religious hostility must receive just desserts. He urged the court to consider the ancillary harm caused to the victims wife, who bears the emotional scars of witnessing her husband dying from a sudden, unprovoked and senseless attack. NOT A RELIGIOUS HATE CRIME: DEFENCE Gosling was represented by lawyers Gloria James-Civetta, N Sreenivasan and Selvarajan Balamurugan. Senior Counsel Sreenivasan said Gosling is guilty, and that what he did is terrible, no doubt about it. However, he said the question is whether this was a religious hate crime, and if there was repentance. He said the religiously terrible statements were not heard by anyone else and came only from two places: What Gosling told the investigating officer, and what he told the psychiatrist. Its a voluntary admission to his state of mind and his thoughts, said Mr Sreenivasan. He pointed to the joint psychiatric report prepared by both the prosecutions and defences psychiatrists, which stated that Goslings thoughts were not genuinely reflective of any anti-Muslim sentiments. Mr Sreenivasan read out a letter in open court that Gosling had written to the victims family. In his letter, Gosling offered his heartfelt apology and said he wanted to share his thoughts of sincere remorse and compassion. Please receive my remorse and grievance to wife, son and family. Theres not a day goes by where you are not in my thoughts and prayers. I trust in your heart and prayers for forgiveness - this I hold for the rest of my life, wrote Gosling. He added that he was prepared for SG penance and rehabilitation in Changi Prison and said his actions had far-reaching impact on family and loved ones. Im reading this out in open court because I understand the family is in court and I dont know whether this letter reached the family, said the lawyer. But my instructions are very clear - this is what Andrew Gosling wants to tell the family. So are we really looking at the religious bigot who is going to bring our whole society into collapse? I think not. Gosling was emotional at this point, wiping his face. His lawyer quoted a post by the victims nephew, in which the latter asked for a fair judgment with no bias to Gosling because he is a foreigner. In response, the prosecutor said this post was not representative of the victims immediate family, whereas the victims wife described the impact of the crimes on her. Nowhere in her victim impact statement did she say she forgave the accused, said the prosecutor. He maintained that there was a demonstration of religious hostility by Gosling. After nearly a full day of arguments, the judge said he needed time to consider the case and adjourned sentencing to April. The victims family, who attended the hearing, declined comment when approached by CNA. In a statement after the hearing, the Attorney-Generals Chambers said the available evidence showed that Gosling intended for the bottle to smash onto the ground and startle the group. The evidence did not indicate that he intended or knew his actions would likely cause death, or intended to cause injuries that were likely to cause death. It also did not indicate that Gosling knew his act of throwing the bottle was so imminently dangerous that it must in all probability cause death or injuries likely to cause death. Had there been such evidence, Gosling would have been liable for more serious actions, said AGC. 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000682_A000004	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/scdf-punggol-fire-station-smart-facility-neighbourhood-police-centre-2518796	SGP	SINGAPORE: Singapores first smart fire station officially launched in Punggol on Friday (Feb 25), equipped with a range of technologies such as facial recognition for automated access control and the use of virtual reality to boost training. Co-located with the new Punggol Neighbourhood Police Centre, it is the 23rd fire station in Singapore and has been in operation since Dec 30. It will provide emergency response for Punggol town, including upcoming developments such as Punggol Digital District. Both the fire station and the police centre share common spaces such as the gymnasium, smart classrooms and a multi-facade training tower, said the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) and the Singapore Police Force (SPF) in a joint media release. This will facilitate the sharing of information and resources, as well as foster enhanced rapport within the Home Team, the agencies added. There is also a community area that will allow SCDF and SPF to carry out community engagement training as well as outreach programmes. Speaking at the opening ceremony of the fire station and the police centre on Friday, Senior Minister Teo Chee Hean said they are an important addition to the facilities in Punggol. A prepared community can make a huge difference during emergencies and help save lives. Punggol Fire Station and Punggol NPC will continue to play a key role towards achieving the Home Team’s mission – working together as one Home Team, and in partnership with the community – to keep Singapore safe and secure, said Mr Teo. 
20220223_165637_zwe_C000699_A000018	www.livemint.com	https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/wealthdesks-new-service-enables-seamless-investing-across-the-internet-11645771939077.html	ZWE	WealthDesk, an investment technology platform, has announced the launch of Embedded WealthDesk Gateway (EWG), which enables integration with brokers and transaction systems to fit inside any website or application. With EWG, users can easily place orders for stocks, exchange traded funds (ETFs), WealthBaskets and other asset classes, view their holdings and open a new broking account without having to switch to another app or website. As per the company, integrating broking infrastructure within the EWG will allow retail investors to instantly access opportunities across the internet where intent-driven users want to complete an investment. “EWG is built to empower all finance themed website and app owners to seamlessly build on their offerings by allowing their users to directly access Stocks, ETFs, bonds and WealthBaskets from different touchpoints like news content, research applications, advisory, asset management company (AMC) and distribution platforms, the company said in a release. WealthDesk has created the EWG model in a way that platforms can integrate with simple software development kits (SDKs) & ready APIs. It is built to create a seamless experience within the integrating app or website’s interface, with minimal development effort. Ujjwal Jain, founder & chief executive officer, WealthDesk, said, “At WealthDesk we are constantly working towards democratizing wealth creation opportunities for millions of Indians. By consolidating an ever-growing number of brokers on the WealthDesk UWI vision, we have made it easy for any app or website to offer trading capabilities who would otherwise have to integrate with each broker separately. What UPI did for payments, EWG will do for investment and wealth management industries. Founded in 2016, WealthDesk is an internet scale investment technology platform that’s building the Unified Wealth Interface (UWI) for the asset and wealth management ecosystem on top of broking. Subscribe to Mint Newsletters * Enter a valid email * Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000738_A000006	theprint.in	https://theprint.in/world/pakistan-pm-imran-khan-raises-kashmir-issue-with-russia-as-putin-invades-ukraine/846967/	IND	New Delhi: As the world watched in shock the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan sat in the Kremlin doing what he does best — raising the issue of Jammu and Kashmir. On Thursday, in his first-ever summit meeting with President Vladimir Putin, which ran concurrently with the invasion, Khan underscored the “imperative” of a peaceful resolution to the Kashmir issue even as he committed to a “long-term and multidimensional” relationship with Russia. The Pakistan PM was on a two-day visit (23-24 February) to Russia, accompanied by his cabinet members and senior officials. This was the first official visit by a Pakistan PM to Moscow in 23 years. The three-hour meeting came while the Kremlin announced a military operation in Ukraine that prompted several countries, especially the US, to impose the strictest of actions on Moscow that are expected to adversely impact the Russian economy. A press statement by the Pakistani government after the meeting noted the main talking points, including the Kashmir issue and bilateral ties. It also expressed regret over the Ukraine conflict. “On the situation in South Asia, the Prime Minister highlighted the serious human rights situation in (Indian Illegally Occupied Jammu and Kashmir) and underscored the imperative of peaceful resolution of the Jammu and Kashmir dispute,” said the statement. This came just weeks after the Russian Embassy in India said that Moscow would only follow on the Kashmir dispute, underlining that it’s a bilateral issue between Pakistan and India. The embassy’s comments came in the wake of a row around a documentary by Russia-backed to the Russian media company RT — that likened Kashmir with that of Palestine. The release of the documentary has since been postponed. Earlier, Khan had promised to be the “” of Kashmir on international forums. “The Prime Minister also highlighted the developments detrimental to regional peace and stability and stressed the need for measures that would help keep the regional balance,” the Pakistani statement said. On its part, Moscow issued a brief two-line statement: “The leaders of the two countries discussed the main aspects of bilateral cooperation and exchanged views on current regional topics, including developments in South Asia. Earlier in the day, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan attended a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier by the Kremlin wall.” Also read: On bilateral ties While PM Khan has been ever since the latter came to power in 2022, this trip to Russia will between Islamabad and Moscow under Beijing’s tight watch. According to Islamabad’s statement: “Recalling the telephone conversations during the recent months between the two leaders, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the positive trajectory of bilateral relations will continue to move forward in the future… The Prime Minister underscored Pakistan’s commitment to forge a long-term, multidimensional relationship with Russia.” Khan told Putin that “trust and cordiality marking the relationship would translate into further deepening and broadening of mutual cooperation in diverse fields”. He also discussed the “importance of Pakistan-Stream Gas Pipeline as a flagship economic project between Pakistan and Russia and also discussed cooperation on prospective energy-related projects”. Both sides also spoke about Afghanistan during the meeting. Khan told Putin that he would continue to work with the international community for a “stable, peaceful and connected Afghanistan”. Khan ‘regretted’ Ukraine attack Khan “regretted” the latest situation between Russia and Ukraine and said that Pakistan had “hoped diplomacy could avert a military conflict”, the statement said. “The Prime Minister stressed that conflict was not in anyone’s interest, and that the developing countries were always hit the hardest economically in case of conflict. He underlined Pakistan’s belief that disputes should be resolved through dialogue and diplomacy,” it said. “Expressing concerns on rising trends of extremism and Islamophobia in the world, the Prime Minister emphasized the need for interfaith harmony and coexistence. Appreciating President Putin’s understanding of the respect and sensitivities that the Muslims attach to the Holy Prophet (PBUH), the Prime Minister said that inter-faith harmony and respect for all religions was imperative for peace and harmony within and among the societies,” it added. Also read: 
20220223_165637_ind_C000738_A000007	www.timesnownews.com	https://www.timesnownews.com/india/sidhu-urges-sc-to-not-punish-him-for-1988-road-rage-article-89816412	IND	New Delhi: Punjab Congress chief , on Thursday, urged the to not punish him in a road rage case that took place in 1988. Stating that he has had an impeccable career as a politician and a sportsman, claimed that he has worked for the welfare of people at large as a Parliamentarian.In an affidavit, the Congress leader highlighted the philanthropic activities undertaken by him and the financial assistance extended by him for various welfare projects.The above stated indisputable facts exhibit that the answering respondent has been a law-abiding citizen and ought not be punished any further,” the affidavit said.In the offense, Sidhu was set free with a meager penalty of Rs 1000. A bench of justices AM Khanwilkar and Sanjay Kishan Kaul will be taking up a review petition that seeks to review Sidhus punishment today. In 2018, the bench had held Sidhu guilty under Section 323 of the Indian Penal Code (voluntary hurt) and slapped a fine on him. The section entails a one-year jail term.“The Petitioner has urged this Hon’ble Court to undertake the exercise re-appreciating the entire evidence on record, which is permissible nor necessary, considering the impugned order has dealt with every aspect of the case, including the medical evidence, with great care and detail,” a report cited Sidhu as saying.The development comes for a hearing shortly after the elections 2022. The elections for 117 seats of the Punjab Assembly took place on February 20. Sidhu is contesting from Amritsar (East) seat. Results for the Punjab Assembly election 2022 will be declared on March 10. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000747_A000002	newbusinessethiopia.com	https://newbusinessethiopia.com/agribusiness/dutch-company-eyes-empowering-livestock-owners-in-ethiopia/	ETH	Pikoline / Schippers Group, a company specialized in improving hygiene in livestock farms and operates in more than 40 countries around the world, eyes to empower livestock owners in Ethiopia. Mr. Jeroen A. Beijer, a Commercial Director of the company is in Ethiopia to discuss with Ethiopian Government officials about their plan of investing in the country’s livestock sector. He met with Ambassador Hirut Zemene of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Thursday (February 24) to discuss its new project in Ethiopia, according to the information the Ministry disseminated. The company develops knowledge, services, and products to improve hygiene in livestock farms. Both sides exchanged ideas on the collaboration that the company has started with the FDRE Ministry of Agriculture in the Livestock sector. Ambassador Hirut appreciated the company’s interest to engage in Ethiopia a country with more than 160 million heads of livestock population. She further stated that this project would improve the trade efficiency of the sector especially by preventing contraband trade of live animals and helping small scale livestock owners. Mr. Beijer, on his part, explained his company’s interest to empower livestock farmers in optimizing farm hygiene, create more efficient management of livestock and improve financial inclusion of small-scale livestock owners. is a family owned company founded by Martien Schippers in 1966. In Ethiopia according to the Central Statistics Agency (2020b), out of the total annual milk production, 50% was used for household consumption, 10% was sold, only 0.56% was used for wages in kind, and the rest (39%) was used for other purposes (such as to produce butter, cheese, yogurt, etc.). “For butter, 55% of the production was used for household consumption although a considerable portion (39%) was sold. Most of the total cheese produced was used for household consumption (57%), 17% was sold, and the rest (6%) was used for wage in kind and other purposes,” CSA stated. Even though Ethiopia is known as the top in Africa having huge number of livestock with with 65 million cattle, 40 million sheep, 51 million goats, 8 million camels and 49 million chickens in 2020, the country has not been able to fully utilize its potential due to several challenges, including gaps in animal health service, marketing, and management, . 
20220223_165637_eth_C000747_A000016	www.aljazeera.com	https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2022/2/25/asian-currencies-stocks-rebound-amid-ukraine-crisis	ETH	Emerging market currencies and stocks in Asia rose on Friday, tracking a broader recovery after sent global assets tumbling in the previous session, although sentiment was still cautious. The Thai baht and the Indian rupee made a swift recovery against the dollar, with both jumping 0.4 percent each, even as oil prices surged nearly 3 percent. However, the baht, which has outperformed all of its emerging Asian peers so far this year, was set for its worst weekly drop in a month. “I think the baht has now become a barometer of emerging market currencies and its rebound suggests that investors are probably buying the dips,” said Margaret Yang, a Singapore-based strategist with DailyFX. Analysts expect the volatility seen in Asian stocks during this week to guide the moves in the foreseeable future. “The main drivers of this volatility – geopolitical tensions and inflation – particularly in energy and commodities and uncertainty about the pace and extent of monetary policy tightening – continue unabated,” said Manishi Raychaudhuri, head of Asia-Pacific equity research at BNP Paribas. “Therefore, today’s recovery in Asian equities appears to be a technical rebound, in our view.” Investors will closely watch any moves by the US Federal Reserve as its officials begin taking stock of how the Russia-Ukraine conflict might influence the economy and their planned shift to tighter monetary policy. “Ukraine or no Ukraine, the US faces inflation that is running at a 40-year high. If inflation continues to print above expectations and run hot, then the Fed may still have to stick with its aggressive path this year. This is what could make trading difficult for Asian emerging markets, both currencies and stock markets,” IG Asia analyst Daniel Dubrovsky said. Singapore’s dollar firmed 0.2 percent and the South Korean won reversed losses to gain 0.1 percent, while Indonesia’s rupiah and the Malaysian ringgit were up 0.1 percent each. Asian equities tracked overnight Wall Street gains to jump higher, with Indian shares leading gains. Shares in South Korea, Singapore, Indonesia and Thailand gained in the range of 0.5 percent to 1 percent, while Malaysian stocks jumped 1.7 percent. The Singapore index is, however, on track for a 4 percent weekly loss, its biggest drop in more than nine months. Kuala Lumpur shares were headed for their biggest weekly fall since January 28. European bank shares also rebounded early on Friday from steep falls a day earlier, even as bankers wrestle with the impact of a slew of sanctions following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Shares of leading banks rose with the European banking sector trading up 1.3 percent. That is only a partial recovery from an 8 percent fall on Thursday. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000747_A000038	www.mylondon.news	https://www.mylondon.news/news/uk-world-news/four-signs-your-vitamin-d-23213025	ETH	Its vital for your health to ensure you have good levels of vitamin D. The vitamin helps to regulate the amount of calcium and phosphate in your body, which will help keep your bones, teeth, and muscles healthy. The NHS website explains a lack of vitamin D can lead to bone deformities such as rickets in children, and bone pain caused by a condition called osteomalacia in adults. The government advises everyone should consider taking a daily vitamin D supplement during the autumn and winter, and those at high risk of not getting enough should take a supplement every day throughout the year. This group includes children aged between one and four. READ MORE: Am I at risk of vitamin D deficiency? During winter government advises everyone considers vitamin D supplements Anyone over the age of four can still be at risk of not getting enough vitamin D. People who eat vegan diets are particularly at risk, as most of the foods rich in vitamin D are not vegan. These include oily fish, red meat and eggs - although some vegan foods such as fortified cereals are high in the vitamin. People who have little or no sunlight exposure could also be deficient. This also applies to people who might wear clothing which covers most or all of their skin when outside. People who have dark skin, for example those from an African, African-Caribbean or south Asian background, may also not make enough vitamin D from sunlight. READ MORE: What are the signs that Im not getting enough vitamin D? Lack of vitamin D can leave you feeling exhausted (Image: Getty) Getting ill regularly If you find that you catch illnesses regularly such as colds and flu, you might not be getting enough vitamin D. This is because good levels can help keep the immune system in good shape, meaning you will feel ill less often. Tiredness If you feel tired or fatigued often to the point where you are utterly exhausted, this may be another signal your body is lacking in the vitamin. Bone and lower back pain Vitamin D helps keep bones healthy, and a deficiency can lead to bone pain. This is commonly felt as pain in the lower back. Muscle aches and pain Low vitamin D can also lead to muscle aches and pain, so if you get these regularly you may want to consider boosting your vitamin D. Were testing a new site: This content is coming soon How can I boost my vitamin D levels? Getting outside when the sun is still up can help with any vitamin D deficiency Vitamin D supplements are the easiest way to increase your bodys vitamin D, but its not the only way. If you are worried, you can increase the amount of sunlight your body is exposed to by going for a walk during the day or even just sitting outside when the sun is out. Unfortunately there is no golden rule about how much time you should send in the sun, as it depends on a variety of factors. Changing your diet could also help increase the amount of vitamin D in your body. Eating more oily fish, fortified foods and egg yolks can all help. Oily fish include salmon, mackerel, tuna, herring, and sardines. Taking supplements will also help, but should not be used instead of a healthy lifestyle. Supplements come in a range of forms, including liquid drops, tablets, oral sprays, and gummies for children. Do you have a story you think we should be covering? If so, email .Want more from MyLondon? Sign up to our daily newsletters for all the latest and greatest from across London Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000753_A000002	www.asiaone.com	https://www.asiaone.com/singapore/security-officer-removed-duty-after-rudely-clapping-elderly-couple-hurry-tan-tock-seng	SGP	Tan Tock Seng Hospital (TTSH) has removed a security officer from his duties after he was caught rudely clapping at an elderly couple and a younger man to hurry them up at the hospitals entrance. In a Facebook post on Friday (Feb 25), TTSH wrote that they are investigating the incident further with the security firm. It said: Tan Tock Seng Hospital values mutual respect and the safety and well-being of everyone in our hospital. We will work with our vendor partners to reinforce these same values to their staff deployed here. [embed]https://www.facebook.com/TanTockSengHospital/posts/10160082799228069[/embed] The hospitals response comes after a video of the incident went viral on social media. A TikTok video shared on Thursday (Feb 24) showed the security officer gesticulating at the male driver to hurry up as he got down to help an elderly man into a wheelchair. The riled-up officer was also seen trying to explain that the man should have been dropped away from the hospitals entrance so as not to block traffic. Raising her voice to the security officer, the elderly woman who accompanied the man is heard saying: I said sorry, ok? Aunties old. In the comments, netizens clapped back at the security officer for his lack of compassion. The TikTok user also noted in the video that the road was marked with a single yellow zigzag line, which according to Land Transport Authority guidelines, allows for immediate pick-up and drop-off. 
20220223_165637_nga_C000770_A000015	www.premiumtimesng.com	https://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/top-news/513746-mtn-mafab-pay-273-6-million-each-for-5g-licence-ncc.html	NGA	Provisional winners of the 3.5 Gigahertz (GHz) spectrum licence, MTN Communications Nigeria Plc and Mafab Communications Limited, have made full payment of $273.6 million each for the 5G Spectrum license to the Nigerian Communications Commission. The Executive Vice Chairman of the , Umar Danbatta, confirmed the payment Thursday just as the deadline set for the two winners of the spectrum auction elapsed. MTN Nigeria, Mafab Communications Ltd and Airtel Networks Ltd submitted bids with an initial bid deposit of $19.74 million, representing 10 per cent of the reserve price by the close of the bid submission date of November 29, 2021. Following the successful auction on December 13, 2021 and the emergence of MTN and Mafab as winners, they were required to pay the balance of the bid amount of $253.86 million on or before February 24, 2022. Aside the $273.6 million payment, MTN paid additional $15.9 million, being the bidding sum it offered at the assignment state of the spectrum auction, making it clinch its preferred Lot 1 (3500-3600 Megahertz-MHz) in the 3.5Ghz spectrum; while, Mafab Communications, which bided lower at the assignment stage, consequentially settled with Lot 2 (3700-3800Mhz) at no extra cost. Confirming the payments by the two licensees, Mr Danbatta said: “I wish to officially announce that NCC has received and confirmed payments from MTN and Mafab for their acquisition of 1 slot of 100Mhz each in the 3.5Ghz spectrum auction, which was successfully conducted by the Commission on December 13, 2021. They both met the deadline of February 24, 2022 as set by the Commission”. “Arising from this and on behalf of the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, the Board and Management of the , I wish to congratulate the MTN and Mafab for this feat, as we look forward to accomplishing other deployment timelines in the 5G deployment roadmap, as articulated in the National Policy on 5G Networks for Nigeria’s Digital Economy”, Mr Danbatta said. For meeting the payment deadline, Mr Danbatta has commended the two companies for their commitment to 5G deployment drive through their private investments, which he said, was a demonstration of the licensees’ belief in the sound regulatory environment in the Nigerian telecommunications sector. He also expressed appreciation to the Federal Government for its support and commitment to the deployment of 5G technology in Nigeria which, he said, will bring substantial network improvements, including higher connection speed, mobility and capacity, as well as low-latency capabilities to communications services in Nigeria. WATCH: Governor Yahaya Bellos Roadmap to Hope 2023 VIDEO Support PREMIUM TIMES journalism of integrity and credibility Good journalism costs a lot of money. Yet only good journalism can ensure the possibility of a good society, an accountable democracy, and a transparent government. For continued free access to the best investigative journalism in the country we ask you to consider making a modest support to this noble endeavour. By contributing to PREMIUM TIMES, you are helping to sustain a journalism of relevance and ensuring it remains free and available to all. TEXT AD: 
20220223_165637_usa_C000777_A000005	apnews.com	https://apnews.com/article/russia-ukraine-joe-biden-boris-johnson-business-europe-083a5935002c9d06ffd6ac39c13d3ce4	USA	WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. and European officials are holding one key financial sanction against Russia in reserve, choosing not to boot Russia off , the dominant system for global financial transactions. caused Thursday. The sanctions are meant to isolate, punish and impoverish Russia in the long term. President Joe Biden announced restrictions on exports to Russia and sanctions against Russian banks and state-controlled companies.But Biden pointedly played down the need to block Russia from SWIFT, saying that while it’s “always” still an option, “right now that’s not the position that the rest of Europe wishes to take.” He also suggested the sanctions being put in place would have more teeth.“The sanctions we’ve imposed exceed SWIFT,” Biden said in response to a question Thursday. “Let’s have a conversation in another month or so to see if they’re working.”Still, some European leaders, including in the United Kingdom, favor taking the additional step of blocking Russia from SWIFT, the Belgium-headquartered consortium used by banks and other financial institutions that serves as a key communications line for commerce worldwide. The SWIFT system averaged 42 million messages daily last year to enable payments. The name is an acronym for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, and about half of all high-value payments that cross national borders go through its platform.Ukraine has sought for Russia to be excluded from SWIFT, but several European leaders would prefer to stay patient because a ban could make international trade more difficult and hurt their economies. “A number of countries are hesitant since it has serious consequences for themselves,” said Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, who believes a ban should be a last resort.The British government says Prime Minister Boris Johnson pushed at a virtual meeting of the Group of Seven world leaders Thursday for Russia to be kicked out of SWIFT. It said there was “no pushback” but it was agreed that more discussion was needed. U.K. officials would not confirm Germany was resisting.U.S. lawmakers have called on Biden to deploy every available financial sanction, with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell saying Thursday that America should “ratchet the sanctions all the way up. Don’t hold any back. Every single available tough sanction should be employed and should be employed now.”But Sen. Jim Risch of Idaho, the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the SWIFT ban would be complicated and time-consuming in part because the U.S. doesn’t have control over the decision.The problem is that banning Russia from SWIFT might not cut it off from the global economy as cleanly as proponents think. Also, there could be blowback in the form of slower international growth. And rival messaging systems could gain users in ways that erode the power of the U.S. dollar — all of which has left SWIFT as a sanction waiting to be deployed.“It’s a communications platform, not a financial payments system,” said Adam Smith, a lawyer who worked in the Obama administration. “If you remove Russia from SWIFT, you’re removing them from a key artery of finance, but they can use pre-SWIFT tools like telephone, telex or email to engage in bank-to-bank transactions.”The other risk is that countries could migrate their institutions to platforms other than SWIFT, such as a system developed by China. This would increase the friction in global commerce — hurting growth — and make it harder to monitor the finances of terrorist groups.“By politicizing SWIFT you give incentive for others to develop alternatives,” said Brian O’Toole, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council and former Treasury official. “SWIFT also is an important partner in U.S.-European counterterrorism efforts. It shares data with U.S. Treasury related to counterterrorism issues that has proven to be enormously valuable.”The sanctions announced Thursday would still accomplish much of what would happen if Russia lost access to SWIFT, said Clay Lowery of the Institute of International Finance.“Cutting off these financial institutions from utilizing the dollar, euro, pound sterling is still a pretty significant step,” Lowery said. “You’re really having the same impact on certain subsections of the Russian economy through sanctions.”Iran was blocked from the SWIFT system in 2014 because of its nuclear program. In 2019, then-Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said losing access to SWIFT would be akin to a declaration of war against Russia. The statement by Medvedev is a sign that Russia viewed the platform as a vulnerability and developed workarounds to limit any economic damage.“I think it will be harmful in the immediate term and psychological as well, but I’m not sure it’ll impact the economy in ways that make it worthwhile,” Smith said.Russia has already prepared for ways to evade sanctions, including those imposed this week, experts say.Ari Redbord, a former Treasury senior adviser, said he expects Russia’s leadership to bypass financial penalties that limit its ability to engage in the global financial system through the increased use of cryptocurrency.He said this is a risk “especially when there are actors like Iran, China and North Korea” that will continue to trade with Russia outside of the formal financial system, Redbord said.“If Russian banks are entirely cut off from the U.S. and European financial system, that will be very debilitating to those banks and the Russian economy,” he said. But the Russian government will use alternative means to trade with countries “even if there are debilitating” sanctions from the European Union and U.S.___Associated Press writers Jill Lawless in London and Lisa Mascaro in Washington contributed to this report. 
20220223_165637_eth_C000784_A000036	www.medicalnewstoday.com	https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/dementia-and-covid-19-why-are-scientists-concerned	ETH	For most, COVID-19 causes a few days of mild to moderate symptoms, but others feel the effects for months. Some of these effects are neurological, leading scientists to ask whether COVID-19 could increase the risk of dementia. Medical News Today looked at the evidence and spoke with experts to find out the latest views.Does COVID increase dementia risk? Here is what the experts think. Image credit: WeiLeng Tay/Bloomberg/Getty Images.Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, more than SARS-CoV-2 infections have been confirmed worldwide. Globally, almost people have died from, or with, the infection. For most, when SARS-CoV-2 infection leads to COVID-19, the symptoms are mild to moderate. But for some, symptoms of the illness are prolonged. have described this issue, , as “not recovering [for] several weeks or months following the start of symptoms that were suggestive of COVID, whether you were tested or not.”Symptoms of long COVID vary, but some are common COVID-19 symptoms, such as , shortness of breath, a cough, and joint pain. Other respiratory virus infections have been associated with neurological and psychiatric after-effects. The authors of observe that “Numerous respiratory viruses can infect the cells of the peripheral and central nervous systems, elicit inflammatory cascades, and directly and indirectly cause various neurologic manifestations.”And it seems that COVID-19 is no exception, with many people after SARS-CoV-2 infections. These symptoms may include:, a reduced ability to think clearlydifficulties with memory and concentrationdifficulty sleepingchanges in moodExperts are now investigating how COVID-19 might affect function and whether it may increase dementia risk.SARS-CoV-2 usually gains access to the body via droplets that enter the nose or mouth. From there, the virus moves to the throat. It can then travel to the lungs and other organs, and, suggest, may enter the nervous system.The stops most viruses from entering the brain. So some have investigated whether the neurological effects of COVID-19 stem from either a viral invasion of the central nervous system or the of the infection. suggests that both may occur in parallel. In severe infections, oxygen deprivation and a storm the blood-brain barrier and allow SARS-CoV-2 to enter the brain. backs this up, suggesting that SARS-CoV-2 may disrupt the blood-brain barrier or infect the peripheral neurons, then enter the central nervous system. , director of the Center for Neurotherapeutics Discovery at the University of Rochester Medical Center, told Medical News Today:“A recent cerebrospinal fluid suggests that patients with COVID-19 infection have blood-cerebrospinal fluid barrier dysfunction, with pathology occurring in endothelial cells that line blood vessels in the blood-brain barrier. While this study did not demonstrate evidence for the presence of SARS-CoV-2 in any of the cerebrospinal fluid samples, all patients in this study had COVID-19.”Evidence is growing that COVID-19 can cause neurological damage. One observed that “COVID-19 is also anticipated to take a toll on the nervous system in the long term.” asserts that “Respiratory virus and collateral injury due to concurrent inflammatory cascades result in various neurologic pathologies, including , , , , , and .”Some research has suggested that SARS-CoV-2 might invade the nervous system in the same way that it invades other cells, via receptors. However, only in the nervous system have these receptors. Among them are excitatory and inhibitory neurons and other types of cells, such as , , and endothelial cells. points out that that ACE2 receptors are expressed in small blood vessels in the brain, which could provide a potential entry route for SARS-CoV-2 into the brain.Prof. Gelbard emphasized that the of how SARS-CoV-2 might enter the central nervous system is not conclusive: “The pathologic evidence for direct infection of neural cell types, particularly neurons, remain[s] equivocal at best. Despite survey studies of neuronal expression of ACE2 receptors from brain transcriptome databases, […] the correlative neuropathology from postmortem human cases is scant.”Whether or not the virus invades the central nervous system, it is clear that SARS-CoV-2 infection can lead to that may last for months or even years after the acute phase of COVID-19.Many people who are hospitalized with COVID-19 have inflammatory complications, which can affect the nervous system. has reported that these patients experience delirium, reduced consciousness, stroke, and other following SARS-CoV-2 infection. In this study, the researchers found that the degree of was correlated with the severity of COVID-19 symptoms and an increase in pro-inflammatory cytokines.Prof. Gelbard, who was not involved in this study, explains how experts interpret the findings:“Our collective view of this is that SARS-CoV-2 infection/COVID-19 impacts elderly patients with underlying neurovascular disease, whether it is from cerebrovascular disease, subclinical Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease or other neurodegenerative disease, by creating a pro-inflammatory central nervous system milieu that is permissive for cognitive impairment, either manifesting as acute delirium or delirium superimposed on dementia.” have shown that people with dementia have increased morbidity and mortality from COVID-19. Many have associated with poor COVID-19 outcome, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, , and . , Alzheimer’s Association’s vice president of medical and scientific relations, told MNT:“The factors causing or contributing to dementia, including hypertension and diabetes, may be what make individuals with dementia more vulnerable to contracting COVID-19. […] published in February 2021 in Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association found that risk of contracting COVID-19 was twice as high for people living with dementia than those without it.”People with dementia are more at risk of COVID-19 — but might the disease worsen existing dementia or cause the development of dementia?It may be that for people with dementia, SARS-CoV-2 can more easily enter the brain, as the blood-brain barrier . This might explain worsening symptoms in people with dementia after COVID-19. states: “There is evidence for a bidirectional relationship between viral infections and dementia: People with dementia have an increased risk for infection, while a poor immune response to infection places individuals at increased risk for dementia.” of COVID-19, and particularly severe forms of this disease, is thrombosis, a cause of . According to one large study, a stroke can of developing dementia. People with severe COVID-19 are more likely to have neurological symptoms of the illness, both during its acute phase and afterwards. And severe COVID-19 is in those who are older or have comorbidities, such as overweight or obesity, diabetes, chronic lung disease, and cancers.Studies suggest that the best way to avoid neurological effects of COVID-19 is to optimize brain and body health in these ways:being physically activedoing cognitively stimulating activitiessleeping for every nighthaving a balanced diet with all the essential and mineralshaving regular social interactions.Drug treatments to combat inflammation are also an option. Prof. Gelbard, who is now working on developing such a treatment, commented, “What is sorely needed is an appropriate anti-neuroinflammatory intervention with a brain-penetrant therapy that can mitigate this type of neuroinflammatory response.”And, as have noted, vaccination against COVID-19 is one of the most effective ways of minimizing the risk of both severe COVID and long COVID, a view Dr. Snyder reiterated:“While we work to further understand the lasting impacts of COVID-19 on the brain, the take-home message for protecting your cognition is simple: Don’t get COVID-19. The best way to not get COVID-19 is to get vaccinated.”As yet, it is unclear whether COVID-19 may be a risk factor for dementia.Dr. Snyder told MNT that “The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic gives us an unwelcome opportunity to study the impact of viral infection on the brain in the short and long term.”She added: “Potential viral contributions to Alzheimer’s and dementia have been long debated within the research community. However, no research to date has shown definitively that a virus can cause Alzheimer’s disease. Because COVID-19 is still relatively new, we won’t know if infection will have an impact on dementia risk for some time.”Prof. Gelbard concurred: “Unfortunately, we believe this is the tip of the iceberg. Not to sound like an alarmist, but we echo the sentiments of public health experts: We may feel like we are done with COVID-19, but the virus is not done with us. We expect the aftershocks of this pandemic to continue amplifying the challenge of dealing with neurodegenerative disease in the elderly and immunocompromised.”“If you have had COVID-19, it doesn’t mean you’re going to get dementia. We’re still trying to understand this relationship.”– Dr. Heather SnyderWhile researchers have yet to arrive at conclusive evidence, it appears that the neurological and psychiatric effects of COVID-19 are likely to be with us for many years to come.For live updates on the latest developments regarding COVID-19, click . 
20220223_165637_sgp_C000787_A000017	www.france24.com	https://www.france24.com/en/live-news/20220225-eagerly-awaited-elden-ring-game-lands-at-downcast-time	SGP	Issued on: 25/02/2022 - 06:48 Online forums were awash with comments by fans itching to get into the game, a wide-open virtual realm that reviews indicated could keep players exploring more than 80 hours without completing all the missions.Review scores have it up there with some of the best games in history, said analyst Mat Piscatella, who was waiting for an unlock code to start playing. Thats amazing.Versions of the game for play on PlayStation, Xbox or Windows-powered computers were priced at $60.The dark fantasy role-playing adventure builds on know-how gained throughout the Dark Souls series and other titles by FromSoftware, according to Japan-based video game publisher Bandai Namco Entertainment.Dark Souls games have become a genre unto themselves, with a defining characteristic being brutally difficult battles that can last hours as players figure out tactics and weapons needed to triumph.The unknown. The threats. The mystery. The encounters, the games publisher said, adding that the idea is for players to feel a sense of fulfillment that comes with tackling difficulties in their own ways and surmounting them.Martin helped infuse the games characters with humanity and drama while director Hidetaka Miyazaki sculpted the style of play and storytelling, according to the publisher.Punishment and pleasureThe game lands in a heavy atmosphere for an audience that has been living with the coronavirus pandemic for about two years, and just days after Russian forces invaded Ukraine.While the litany of high-stakes drama in the real world can leave people feeling helpless or frightened, players can overcome challenges in a video game with no one being harmed in the process.There is something really helpful about that for a lot of people, Piscatella said. Im in that boat too.Video game makers are well aware that the more challenging the adversary, the greater the pull for players.The satisfaction comes from actually getting through it; like running a marathon. Its just a different mindset than a lot of games, Piscatella added, referring to the Souls games.While Souls games have a fervent following eager to get their hands on Elden Ring, the franchise has yet to generate a mainstream hit.Reviews by critics with early access have raved about Elden Ring, giving it perfect scores.Maybe this is the one that breaks out, Piscatella said.But it is still, at its core, an experience that requires a lot of dedicated time and effort that doesnt handhold too much.Players who have tried out the game have been largely positive.The atmosphere is deeply enchanting, the world is utterly enormous, and there is a varying difficulty-level to encounters that should satisfy more players, tweeted @VaatiVidya, a YouTube streamer known for specializing in Dark Souls.This is going to be big.Bandai Namco would not disclose how many players had downloaded the game ahead of its official launch.Players talked about setting aside the weekend and beyond to immerse themselves in Elden Ring, disconnecting from real-world woes including war and pandemic.It would be our deepest pleasure if Elden Ring can help relieve players of stress and anxiety, Bandai Namco told AFP. © 2022 AFP 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000789_A000002	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/25/chinas-trade-with-russia-wont-offset-sanctions-us-says.html	BWA	Russias Deputy Prime Ministers Yuri Trutnev, Tatyana Golikova, Andrei Belousov, Alexander Novak and Dmitry Chernyshenkosign joint documents following a video conference call between Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin and Chinas Premier Li Keqiang at the House of the Government.Dmitry Astakhov | Tass | Getty ImagesBEIJING — Chinas trade with Russia isnt enough to offset the impact of U.S. and European sanctions on Moscow, according to the White House.In the hours after Russia invaded Ukraine on Thursday, aimed at isolating Moscow from the global economy. The sweeping measures did not include restrictions on purchases of Russian oil and gas — a significant driver of the local economy.In Beijing, Chinas foreign ministry said Thursday the countrys trade with Russia and Ukraine would remain normal and Meanwhile, China and Russias share of the global economy is far less than that of the Group of Seven countries — which includes the U.S. and Germany. That means China cannot cover the impact of the sanctions, U.S. press secretary Jen Psaki told reporters late Thursday in Washington.China accounted for 17.3% of global GDP in 2020, versus Russias 1.7% and the G-7s 45.8%, according to World Bank data.China is the largest trade partner for Russia and Ukraine. Both countries are part of the Belt and Road Initiative — a regional infrastructure development plan widely seen as Beijings effort to increase global influence.Trade between China and Russia reached a of $146.9 billion in 2021, up 35.8% year-on-year, Chinas imports from Russia exceeded exports by more than $10 billion.From current levels of imports and exports, trade would need to grow by an additional 37% to reach Moscow and Beijings goal of $200 billion by 2024.Chinas trade with Ukraine rose by 29.7% last year to $19.31 billion, also a record high, and split fairly evenly between imports and exports, according to customs data.China and Russia are comprehensive strategic partners. China and Ukraine are friendly partners, Assistant Foreign Minister Hua Chunying said Thursday in Mandarin, according to a CNBC translation.Thus China will conduct normal trade cooperation, on the basis of [Chinas] Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence [for international relations] and the basis of friendly relationship with both countries, she said. This of course includes cooperation on energy.Scale of economic impact still unclearJust under two-thirds of Chinas imports from Russia were energy products in 2021, according to Chinese customs data. Russia is Chinas largest source of electricity and second-largest source of crude oil, the agency said.Read more about China from CNBC ProChinas lifting of restrictions on Russian wheat and barley imports are clearly intended to offset the impact of sanctions, but it remains to be seen if this will primarily be a symbolic gesture or if it will have meaningful economic impact, said Stephen Olson, senior research fellow at the Hinrich Foundation, a nonprofit organization focused on trade issues.Chinas ability to offset the impact of Western sanctions will be determined by the scale and scope of sanctions ultimately agreed to by the U.S. and its partners, Olson said. At this point, the West has not yet put all its cards on the table, leaving open the option of tightening the screws later, if need be. on Thursday as the invasion began.Western sanctions on Russia have stopped short of cutting the Kremlin off from SWIFT, the international payments network. As of January, the for global payments, up from sixth place two years ago, according to SWIFT.Chinas Hua on Thursday criticized the U.S. for providing military assistance to Ukraine and said Russia does not need such support from Beijing or others.Ties between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping strengthened earlier this month with a high-profile meeting of the leaders in Beijing just before the Winter Olympics in the city.In an official readout, the Chinese side said the two countries need to strengthen their strategic partnership on energy and advance cooperation on scientific and technological innovation.On the same day, Russian energy giants Gazprom and Rosneft signed deals with the China National Petroleum Corporation to supply oil and natural gas to China.As long as China continues to implement its trading relationship, those measures would already be very helpful to Russia, said Tong Zhao, a senior fellow in the nuclear policy program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, based in Beijing.Zhao, who emphasized he is not an expert on economic issues, said that if China took additional measures to support Russia, it is likely to do those measures in a very low-profile manner in order to mitigate the provocations seen from European and other countries. 
20220223_165637_bwa_C000789_A000025	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2022/feb/25/are-voice-notes-killing-the-phone-call	BWA	I lay on my bedroom carpet looking at the blue of the ceiling, feeling like I was in a teen movie. My phone buzzed and I picked it up to respond to my crush’s last text – except this time it wasn’t a text, but a , a short audio file you send via Facebook, Instagram or WhatsApp. It was the first time I’d heard his voice – it was flat, low and attractive. He asked me how my day had gone. My stomach fluttered because I knew this meant he wanted to get closer to me, yet I also freaked out because there was so much pressure to get my response right.At first, I ignored the switch in communication and started typing out a message, because I hate my voice – the way I can hear my nerves prickle through my speech, the high pitch of my intonation and the number of times I say “like”. But don’t voice notes feel so much more intimate? Hearing the subtleties of the other person’s speech, as if they were whispering in your ear – and I wanted to get closer to him. So I focused on getting comfy, and pushed the record button. In response to his “How was your day?” I started telling him about the bike I had just got. “It hurts so much on your vulva. I only lasted about 10 minutes before I limped off.”His response was awkward. “Yeah ... I can’t say much about, er, women’s engineering down there ... The seats are probably built for a male anatomy...”“Wow, say that again,” I replied in another voice note, in a mock sultry voice.He didn’t reply.I recorded another note. “I didn’t actually think you were being sexual then,” I began, a slight breathlessness hanging off each word. “I was joking cos you sounded so formal, you know?”Around 200 million voice mails are sent every month. Photograph: Amit Lennon/The GuardianOn and on I went; it was excruciating. I should have deleted the recording but I was so panicked I forgot I could do that. I imagined him raising his eyebrows on the other end of the line. Playing my note back to his friends. Laughing at me. In a last-ditch attempt to salvage the unsalvageable, I changed the subject: “Do you like Drake’s new album?” It was clumsy, obvious, and from then on he ignored me.This recent encounter will forever remind me why I’m better off texting (like most twentysomething Gen Zs, I hate phone calls, with their awkward silences and long, drawn-out endings: “Yep, speak soon, good to chat, bye, love you, yeah bye, bye, bye …”). But, whether I use voice notes or not, among my peers they are becoming ever harder to avoid.When WhatsApp introduced them in 2013, receiving a voice note felt like a novelty – something more human in a sea of emojis and abbreviations – now, . Instead of a simple “I’ll meet you outside the station” text, friends now send long rambles about how they were going to catch such and such train, but then they realised the bus would drop them outside, and while they were on the bus they thought about this idea for a novel … It’s like having to sit through an unedited podcast.Twitter has introduced a voice note feature, as have dating apps Hinge, Bumble and Happn. Last month, dating website String launched with the tag line “Date with your voice”. In 2018, American singer Charlie Puth felt passionate enough about voice notes to name an album after them; and on her latest release, 30, Adele took this tribute a step further by including voice notes from her son, Angelo, in the track My Little Love.Voice notes gives women an avenue to speak in the same way men do – without fear of being cut off or dismissedYet for something seemingly so inoffensive, voice notes are incredibly divisive. One friend calls them “the worst thing to happen to communication since the ‘seen’ receipt on messenger”. Another, who pushes a pram, says they’re indispensable. They are beloved of younger generations, but older family members seem to find them baffling. Social media comments range from mundane observations like the Twitter user who got 142.6 likes for pointing out how often she ends a voice note with “so yeah”, to more impassioned rants on voice note etiquette. ‘It’s like a phone call, except you don’t have to rely on both parties being free at the same time’ Photograph: Amit Lennon/The GuardianFor voice note fan, model and digital editor Maddy Reid, 23, who sends 10 to 50 a day over , much of their appeal lies in how efficient they are to send, particularly when you’re on the move. “It’s like a phone call, except you don’t have to rely on both parties being free at the same time.Text messages don’t convey emotional nuance in the same way a voice note can, Maddy says. “If you’re broaching a sensitive topic, a lot can get lost in translation over text. That’s why if I’m cancelling a date or telling a friend something tricky, or anything else that could be misconstrued, I will almost always do it via voice note so the other person can hear how I’m actually feeling.”Reid is right to think voice is a more reliable way to express oneself than text. Silke Paulmann of Essex University’s psychology department, says: “Vocal cues alone can communicate our internal state (emotions, attitudes, motivations) without the need for additional words.” When we hear people talk, she says, any “discrepancies”, such as someone who insists they’re fine but doesn’t really sound fine, “can be picked up within a couple of milliseconds” forcing the listener to “re-evaluate” the message.So, if cancelling a date via voice note, the other person would be able to decipher from the tone whether the speaker really is busy or losing interest. Whereas with a “something’s come up” text, it is harder to work out the sender’s true feelings, especially if it includes kisses, emojis and multiple characters (“I’m soooo sorry”) to warm up the mood of the message.This is less of an issue with older generations, who tend to interpret text messages at face value. If someone replies “OK”, they assume it means they’re actually OK. Whereas a person my age (I’m 26) is more likely to think the brevity of the response means the sender is annoyed. Voice notes bypass the slightly exhausting code of texting etiquette that can make it a minefield.Of course, voice notes are not just a text substitute; increasingly people use them instead of the traditional phone call. They give you authority, says Paulmann: “In a normal conversation, you might have little control over how often you get your voice heard. The other person could talk on at you for minutes and unless you felt comfortable interrupting, you’d end up just listening. Real conversations are more fluid and prone to changes – if the other person shows no interest in what you’re saying, for example – but voice notes protect you from that.” This may explain why the majority of people who send me voice notes are women: it gives them an avenue to speak in the same way men do, without fear of being cut off or dismissed.Somewhere between the prosecco haze and the inability to use my fingers properly I started sending voice notesBut not everyone likes having that much power over an interaction. According to Bernie Hogan, a senior research fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute, it is this one-sidedness, without important social cues, that makes voice notes a challenge for some people. “During phone calls we modify our tone and the content of our conversation according to the feedback we get from the people we’re talking to,” he says. “In the absence of that feedback, we must work hard to think about the person on the other end of the phone. For some people, that comes very easily, others don’t care, but a third group get very self-conscious about having to ad-lib on the spot.”I get immensely self-conscious ad-libbing on the spot. But I still prefer phone calls to voice notes, because at least the other person can chime in with experiences that resonate with what I’m saying: I like being able to hear them mmming in a way that expresses sympathy. I feel totally at sea without these cues and begin to doubt the content of what I’m talking about. Do they want me to wrap up the story, or does it need more detail to be interesting? It’s what happened when I was sending voice notes to that guy I liked. I worry I’m making the other person listen to something that they would rather avoid.Voice notes are not just a text substitute; increasingly people use them instead of the traditional phone call Photograph: Amit Lennon/The Guardian“It makes me paranoid that I’m wasting someone’s time,” agrees voice note sceptic Issey Gladston, photographer, 23. She likens the feeling of sending a voice note to making a point in a university seminar. “I just want to get out what I’m saying as quickly as possible, but then there are these other people, usually men, who go on these long tangents for five minutes which don’t have anything to do with the question because they feel they have the space to do it. I don’t feel I have the space.”There’s something quite self-indulgent about thinking people care to listen to you talking for a long time – indeed, any length of time – without interruption. You don’t know where that other person is, they might have to put earphones in to listen, and when they finally get sorted, you might just be saying: “Oh sorry, one sec, just in the shop ... yeah, Rizlas please ... the blue ones.”Voice-note devotee Reid reassures me that “it’s not about loving the sound of my own voice”, and uses the fact that she doesn’t listen back to them as proof of this. But if she doesn’t want to listen to her own notes, isn’t that proof of something else? That no one likes listening to voice notes in the first place?I normally hate the sound of my own voice, though this often changes when alcohol is involved. Recently I came back from a night out and was lying on my bed, trying and failing to persuade myself to stop scrolling on my phone and take my makeup off before I passed out. Somewhere between the prosecco haze and the inability to use my fingers properly I started sending voice notes. One to my friend about the guy at the gym who seems to treat the place like a social club; another to my mum about what I want for my birthday; then another three to people I barely speak to anymore. I told Gladston about this experience and she confessed to sending out drunken voice notes too. “The other night I sent about seven to all my friends and in the morning I unsent all the ones which hadn’t been played yet because I couldn’t bear people listening to them.” If I like sending voice notes when I’m drunk – when I’m feeling more self-assured – perhaps it’s not the voice note I have a problem with, but my own confidence in what I have to say. Either way, I need to learn to love voice notes because ever more variations of them are being developed. Hogan thinks the next big thing will be features that allow us to sound like someone else, say, Bugs Bunny or Britney Spears, “like a filter but on sound rather than image”. Reid says her main reason for using voice notes is “fostering closeness with people I don’t get to see”. With a fake voice you’d no longer hear the ripple of nerves as they talked about a job interview or the high-pitched squeal as they recalled a great date. It wouldn’t be a voice note at all, would it? In that case, I’d probably send one: clumsy flirting as told by Britney might just work.If you’d like to hear this piece narrated, listen on Saturday to The Guardian’s new podcast, . Subscribe on , , or wherever you get your podcasts. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000790_A000013	www.moneycontrol.com	https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/world/russia-closes-its-airspace-to-british-airlines-8164571.html	IND	A restriction was introduced on the use of Russian airspace for flights of aircrafts owned, leased or operated by an organisation linked to or registered in the UK, the Rosaviatsia aviation authority said in a statement. AFP February 25, 2022 / 02:38 PM IST Moscow on Friday banned all UK-linked planes, including transiting flights, from its airspace after its flagship carrier Aeroflot was prevented from flying over Britain following the Russian attack on Ukraine.A restriction was introduced on the use of Russian airspace for flights of aircrafts owned, leased or operated by an organisation linked to or registered in the UK, the Rosaviatsia aviation authority said in a statement.The ban took effect from 11:00 am Moscow time (0800 GMT), it said, and included flights transiting through Russian airspace. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000790_A000022	beebom.com	https://beebom.com/asus-8z-india-launch-february-28/	IND	Ever since the in global markets back in May 2021, we have been waiting on the company to bring its flagship phones to India as the Asus 8z lineup. We heard inklings of an India launch earlier last year, but the phone didn’t make its way to the country. But, the company hasn’t given up yet. While other phone makers are to India, Asus has now announced the launch date for its Snapdragon 888-powered Asus 8z flagship phone in the country. Asus 8z (ZenFone 8) Launches in India Next Week Announced via an official tweet, the Taiwanese giant is ready to unveil the Asus 8z in India on 28th February at 12:00 PM at a , of course. The tweet further reveals that Asus will only launch the standard ZenFone 8, which is “Big on Performance, Compact in Size” as per the caption, in India. The ZenFone 8 Flip won’t find its way to the country. Asus 8z: Specifications (Confirmed) Since the Asus 8z will be a rebranded version of the ZenFone 8 for the Indian market, we already know its complete specs sheet. And well, it offers all the premium features you expect from a flagship smartphone these days. Also, Asus 8z is compact in size and can be seen as an iPhone 13 mini replacement for the Android world. The smartphone features a 5.9-inch Full-HD+ E4 AMOLED panel with a 120Hz refresh rate. The display also has Gorilla Glass Victus protection, up to 1100 nits of peak brightness, 2400 x 1080p resolution, and 112% DCI-P3 color gamut support. There’s a 12MP punch-hole selfie camera at the top left and an under-display fingerprint sensor on the front. On the rear, you get a rectangular module with two cameras, including a 64MP Sony IMX686 primary sensor and a 12MP ultra-wide lens with 112-degree FOV and 4cm macro support. The primary camera also supports OIS and PDAF for improved photography and video capture experience. Under the hood, the Asus 8z is powered by last year’s flagship chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 888 5G. You will also find up to 16GB of RAM and up to 256GB of internal storage in global markets. We are not sure about the configurations that will be available to buy in India just yet. You also have a 4,000mAh battery with 30W fast-charging support onboard. The smartphone comes in two colorways – Obsidian Black and Horizon Silver. It is priced starting at Euros 599 (~Rs 50,500) and we expect the India pricing to be between Rs 40,000 – Rs. 50,000 as well. We have to wait until 28th February to get the official price and availability details. 
20220223_165637_ind_C000790_A000027	sports.ndtv.com	https://sports.ndtv.com/ipl-2022/10-franchises-divided-in-two-virtual-groups-which-team-will-play-whom-full-explainer-2789285	IND	For the first time since its inception in 2008, the Indian Premier Leagues (IPL) league phase will see the teams divided into two virtual groups. The IPL Governing Council on Friday announced that IPL 2022 will begin from March 26 with the final slated on May 29. The 70 matches in the league phase will be hosted across four venues in Mumbai and Pune. Over the years, IPLs league stage has always been played in a home-away format, where each team plays the same opposition twice but in the 15th edition, there will be a change. The number of teams in IPL 2022 has been increased to 10 with the addition of two new franchises - Gujarat Titans and Lucknow Super Giants - but the number of matches per team remains 14.The 10 teams will play a total of 14 league matches (7 home matches and 7 away matches) totalling to 70 league matches, followed by the 4 playoff matches. Each team will play 5 teams twice and the remaining 4 teams only once (2 only home and 2 only away).To decide on the above, teams have been assigned in two virtual groups based on the number of IPL Championships won followed by the number of Final matches played by the respective teams. Group A comprises Mumbai Indians, KKR, Rajasthan Royals, Delhi Capitals and Lucknow Super Giants.IPL 2022 Virtual Groups ExplainedThe group B will have Chennai Super Kings, Sunrisers Hyderabad, Royal Challengers Bengaluru, Punjab Kings and Gujarat Titans.In group A MI (Team 1) with five titles, has been placed as first team. Correspondingly, in group B, the first team is CSK (Team 2) which has four titles.Team 3 is again placed in group A and that is KKR with two titles and the corresponding Team 4 placed in group B is SRH with a sole title.Team 5 again in group A is Rajasthan Royals (1 title) and its corresponding Team 6 in group B is RCB, which has played three finals.Team 7 in group A is DC, which has one final appearance and two play-offs while corresponding Team 8 in group B is Punjab Kings with one final appearance.Newcomers, Lucknow Super Giants is Team 9 in group A and Gujarat Titans is corresponding team 10 in group B.IPL 2022 Playing Pattern - Which Team Will Face Whom?Each team will play twice with the teams in their group and with the team in the same row in the second group. With the rest of the teams in the second group they will play only once during the season.For Example: In Group A, MI will play 2 matches each against KKR, RR, DC, LSG. MI will also play 2 matches against CSK and 1 match each against other teams in Group B.PromotedSimilarly, in Group B, RCB will play 2 matches against CSK, SRH, PBKS and GT. RCB will also play 2 matches against RR and 1 match each against other teams in Group A.(With PTI inputs)Topics mentioned in this article 
20220223_165637_tza_C000797_A000018	mus.acrofan.com	http://mus.acrofan.com/article_sub3.php?number=622316&lang	TZA	Simplifies edge infrastructure access and application delivery for enterprise customers and developers seeking to reach users across different markets.SINGAPORE and SAN JOSE, Calif. and MADRID, Feb. 25, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- In a world first, Bridge Alliance, MobiledgeX, Singtel and Telefonica have successfully achieved an interconnection between two heterogenous multi-access edge computing (MEC) platforms as part of a GSM Association (GSMA) Foundry Telco Edge Cloud trial. The hub-to-hub interconnection between the Bridge Alliance Federated Edge Hub (FEH) and MobiledgeX Edge-Cloud platform could allow edge applications to be deployed across different edge platforms and regions served by each hub. Singtels MEC and Telefonicas MEC are connected by FEH and MobiledgeX Edge-Cloud platform respectively. With the interconnection, Singtels customers will be able to deploy edge applications on Telefonicas MEC and vice versa, enabling multi-market services delivery across an extended geographical footprint, including Asia and Europe. Customers, developers, and partners can discover, as well as order cross-regional edge resources and deploy applications through a unified interface, ensuring a uniform experience across different networks and markets in these regions. Previously, interconnections were performed between operators on a one-on-one basis, making it difficult to scale the edge coverage. Dr Ong Geok Chwee, CEO of Bridge Alliance, said, Were delighted to achieve this industry-first milestone with MobiledgeX and Telefonica. The implication of such hub-to-hub interconnections is that our member operators enterprise customers will be able to offer exciting data-intensive and low latency services in markets beyond our Asian footprint. We believe that this is only the beginning of more cross-regional edge deployments in the industry, which will occur as more of our member operators come on board our FEH, and as more trials between different edge hubs/aggregators are established. We welcome more edge hub partners on board. Michael Lochead, SVP of product for MobiledgeX said, The true promise of edge computing hinges on seamless developer access for high-performance applications that can take advantage of global reach. Todays announcement represents another major leap toward this goal, demonstrating that operators in disparate regions can choose the edge computing platform that best fits individual market needs while still easily achieving worldwide reach. We are proud to continue advancing edge compute possibilities with our operator partners as meaningful edge service rollouts are prepped for 2022 and beyond. Dennis Wong, VP of Enterprise 5G and Cloud, Singtel said, Were excited to be part of this breakthrough that thoroughly exploits our engineering innovation. The FEH hub-to-hub interconnection integrates with Singtels Paragon platform, complementing and amplifying its capabilities, benefiting our ecosystem partners and customers who have global deployment needs. Through the hub-to-hub interconnection, developers will be able to deploy applications globally on the MEC while using Paragon to manage services and operations through a single local point of access, transforming the way enterprises of the future manage and orchestrate Networks, MEC, Cloud, Applications and Operations. This will super-charge the innovation and deployment of next-generation applications such as virtual reality and Metaverse that need high processing power, high bandwidth connectivity and low latency. Juan Carlos Garcia, Senior VP of Technology and Ecosystem, Telefónica, said, Federating regional edge hubs is key for the success of the Telco Edge Cloud. This is a crucial achievement, not only for Telefonica and Singtel but also for any operator served by Bridge Alliances Federated Edge Hub or MobiledgeX worldwide, extending its potential footprint significantly. With this paramount milestone, we pave the way for the future edge cloud continuum that we envisage as industry, and provide a seed for the industry to agree on a common interface and the standardisation of the Federation APIs for operators and other service providers. The interconnection was achieved during a trial facilitated by the GSMA Foundry Telco Edge Cloud (TEC) project, an initiative that brings the industry together to collaborate around a number of pre-commercial trials of Telco Edge Cloud capabilities with app developers and service providers sponsored by the industry partners and supported by MNOs. Learnings from the trials are shared with the TEC community via the GSMA TEC Forum, a body that guides development in the TEC space and promotes compatibility, portability and interconnection among telco deployments. Interoperability and resource-sharing in edge computing are vital to enable effective interconnections like the one between the Bridge Alliance FEH and MobiledgeX Edge-Cloud. Henry Calvert, Head of Networks, GSMA, said, At the heart of unlocking the full power of connectivity, is federation, shown before, now we, as a collaboration, have shown Edges can be connected between different hubs, creating global reach. Join the hubs, lets connect those Edges. The Bridge Alliance FEH is a platform that interconnects the MEC of its member operators, allowing easy onboarding of their respective edge platforms, thus enabling them to discover and order their counterparts edge compute resources in markets across multiple geographies via a one-stop-shop. Bridge Alliance had previously completed a Proof of Concept for the edge cloud federation involving Singtel and SK Telecom MEC platforms in Singapore and South Korea respectively. Meanwhile, MobiledgeXs federation capabilities enable mobile operators using its Edge-Cloud platform to interact with other operator platform instances, providing developers with larger edge reach and operator capabilities. Figure 1. Hub-to-hub interconnection for telco edge cloud About Bridge Alliance Bridge Alliance is the leading mobile alliance for premier operators and their customers in the Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa. Our alliance covers 34 members who serve close to 900 million customers collectively across these regions. Our goal is to build group capabilities and create value for our members by enabling compelling roaming services and experience, offering multi-market enterprise and IoT solutions, and delivering savings and benefits through leveraging group economies. Bridge Alliances members and partners include: Airtel (India, Sri Lanka and the Airtel subsidiaries in Africa: Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Kenya, Malawi, Madagascar, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, Seychelles, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia), AIS (Thailand), China Telecom (Mainland China), China Unicom (Mainland China), CSL Mobile (Hong Kong), CTM (Macau), Globe Telecom (Philippines), Maxis (Malaysia), Metfone (Cambodia), MobiFone (Vietnam), Optus (Australia), Singtel (Singapore), SK Telecom (South Korea), stc (Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait), SoftBank Corp. (Japan), Taiwan Mobile (Taiwan), and Telkomsel (Indonesia). For more information, visit . About GSMA The GSMA is a global organization unifying the mobile ecosystem to discover, develop and deliver innovation foundational to positive business environments and societal change. Our vision is to unlock the full power of connectivity so that people, industry, and society thrive. Representing mobile operators and organizations across the mobile ecosystem and adjacent industries, the GSMA delivers for its members across three broad pillars: Connectivity for Good, Industry Services and Solutions, and Outreach. This activity includes advancing policy, tackling todays biggest societal challenges, underpinning the technology and interoperability that make mobile work, and providing the worlds largest platform to convene the mobile ecosystem at the MWC and M360 series of events. We invite you to find out more at . About MobiledgeX MobiledgeX is working with global mobile operators to deliver full control over multi-cloud edge deployments. The companys MobiledgeX Edge-Cloud platform provides a common interface for managing application workloads anywhere, abstracted from underlying infrastructure, to maintain control over data, privacy and security. It also provides device native SDK and matching engines for operator and third-party application developers to maximize performance and efficiency for cloud-native applications at the edge. MobiledgeX Edge-Cloud is proven via trials, PoC and deployments that span more than 20 global operators and a range of next-gen app developers. MobiledgeX is an edge computing company founded by Deutsche Telekom AG and headquartered in San Jose, California. For more information, please see or contact . About Singtel Singtel is Asias leading communications technology group, providing a portfolio of services from next generation communication, 5G and technology services to infotainment to both consumers and businesses. The Group has presence in Asia, Australia and Africa and reaches over 750 million mobile customers in 21 countries. Its infrastructure and technology services for businesses span 21 countries, with more than 428 direct points of presence in 362 cities. For consumers, Singtel delivers a complete and integrated suite of services, including mobile, broadband and TV. For businesses, Singtel offers a complementary array of workforce mobility solutions, data hosting, cloud, network infrastructure, analytics and cyber security capabilities. Singtel is dedicated to continuous innovation, harnessing next-generation technologies to create new and exciting customer experiences as we shape a more sustainable, digital future. For more information, visit . For more information on Singtels Paragon platform, visit Follow us on Twitter at About Telefonica Telefonica is one of the worlds leading telecommunications service providers. The company offers fixed and mobile connectivity, as well as a wide range of digital services for individuals and businesses. It is present in Europe and Latin America, where it has more than 365 million customers. Telefónica is a fully private company whose shares are listed on the Spanish stock exchanges and on the New York and Lima stock exchanges. 
20220223_165637_tza_C000797_A000021	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/cr_total_smartphone_revenues_in_2021_reached_448_billion_apple_leads_the_way-news-53318.php	TZA	The latest Counterpoint Research report is taking a look at the revenues generated by smartphone makers for the past year. Smartphone vendors generated a total of $448 billion in revenues for 2021 which represents a 7% increase compared to the values for 2020. The average smartphone selling price (ASP) grew by 12% on the yearly basis and reached $322 thanks to a growing demand for 5G devices. An estimated 40% of all smartphones shipped in 2021 were 5G-capable which is an 18% rise compared to 2020 values. Apple yet again sits atop the rankings with total revenues of $196 billion and a 44% share of all revenues in the smartphone market. Cupertino saw increased demand for its new iPhone 13 series as well as prolonged interest for the previous-gen iPhone 12 models. The ASP for iPhones in 2021 reached $821 which is an all-time high. Apple continued its rise in developing markets like India, Thailand, Vietnam and Brazil. Coming in at a distant second place is Samsung with its $72 billion in revenues. The figure is an 11% increase compared to 2020’s $64 billion. Samsung phones’ ASP grew by 5% on the yearly basis reaching $263. The midrange and premium segments contributed to the largest growth for the South Korean tech giant with the flagship Galaxy S series and midrange Galaxy A and M models selling the most units. Samsung also managed to expand its foldable shipments threefold. Xiaomi is the third leading brand with $37 billion in revenues which is a 49% increase compared to 2020 values. India served as Xiaomi’s key market where the brand reached new highs in the smartphones priced above INR 18,000 ($250) which accounted for 14% of the brand’s presence in the country. Oppo saw $36 billion in revenues and a 15% increase in its phones’ ASP which now stands at $259. The brand’s Find X3, Reno 6 series and sister company OnePlus 9 series were the most sought-after devices. Over 50% of Oppo phones shipped in 2021 were 5G ready. Fifth place belonged to fellow BBK subsidiary vivo which saw revenues of $34 billion. Its smartphone ASP also stood at $259 and it was also the fifth-largest brand in terms of global smartphone shipments for 2021. 
20220223_165637_usa_C000798_A000014	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/global-markets-wrapup-1-2022-02-25/	USA	Oil settles lower as supply concerns easeStocks soar, dollar falls, investors eye sanctions, diplomacyNEW YORK, Feb 25 (Reuters) - Stocks around the world rebounded on Friday, the U.S. dollar fell and oil prices dipped as investors welcomed talk of renewed diplomacy after Russias invasion of Ukraine, and as coordinated Western sanctions left Russias energy sector largely untouched.On Thursday, worries about the invasion lifted oil prices past $100 a barrel for the first time since 2014.Wall Streets indexes extended the previous sessions rally with Nasdaq and the S&P 500 registering gains for the week.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comThe MSCI World Index closed up 2.43%; for the week it was down 0.7%.Russian President Vladimir Putin urged Ukraines military to overthrow its political leaders and negotiate peace. Authorities in Kyiv called on citizens to help defend the capital. EU countries agreed to freeze European assets of Putin and his foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, and the White House announced plans for U.S. sanctions. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy pleaded for faster and more forceful sanctions.Chinas Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China respects Ukraines sovereignty and Russias security concerns, and it welcomes direct Russia, Ukraine dialogue as soon as possible. [nL1N2V02LS]Russia said it was ready to send a delegation for talks with Ukraine, but U.S. State Department spokesperson Ned Price called this an attempt to conduct diplomacy at the barrel of a gun, Markets went through a progression. They heard the word invasion Wednesday night and started selling. Then markets heard the word sanctions Thursday and started buying. Then they heard the word diplomacy on Friday and kept buying, said John Augustine, chief investment officer at Huntington National Bank in Columbus, Ohio.Some investors remained wary of riskier assets, weeks before the Federal Reserve is expected to raise U.S. interest rates.The market is purely looking at the short run, saying that what they feared has happened so theres nothing else to fear on the invasion of Ukraine ... thats being pretty shortsighted, said Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Independent Advisor Alliance in Charlotte, North Carolina.Zaccarelli is turning his focus on what the Federal Reserve is going to do. ... raise rates to a higher level than people believe in order to combat inflation.A red London bus passes the Stock Exchange in London, Britain, February 9, 2011. REUTERS/Luke MacGregorThe Dow Jones Industrial Average finished up 2.51% after closing 0.28% higher on Thursday while the S&P 500 gained 2.24% after rising 1.5% the previous day and the Nasdaq Composite added 1.64% after rallying 3.3% on Thursday.Russias main stock index closed up 20% on after Thursdays record 33% drop. Gains pared somewhat in after-hours trading with the index last up around 15%.Russian stock market plunging far more than during other crisesOIL PRICES DROPBrent crude settled at $97.93 per barrel, down 1.16%, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude settled down 1.3% at $91.59.Safe haven gold dropped 0.8% to $1,887.24 an ounce. On Thursday it had jumped to $1,973.96, its highest since September 2020.The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury notes dipped 0.7 basis points to 1.965%. The two-year Treasury yield, which typically moves in step with interest rate expectations, was up 2.2 basis points at 1.568%.The bond market is trying to guess what Fed Chair Powell is going to say next week in his congressional testimony. The bond market has moved on to the Fed. Global geopolitcal risks in the eyes of the dollar and gold have lowered, said Huntingtons Augustine.The U.S. dollar dipped a day after notching its biggest daily percentage gain in more than three months. Investors bet sanctions on Russia and U.S. inflation data would probably keep the Fed cautious about hiking rates too quickly. The dollar index fell 0.589%, with the euro up 0.73% to $1.1273.The Russian rouble rose to 83.54 per dollar, clawing back from the previous sessions record low of 89.986.U.S. economic data on Friday showed consumer spending increased more than expected in January even as price pressures mounted, with annual inflation hitting rates last seen four decades ago. Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Sinead Carerw; additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak, Herbert Lash, Tommy Wilkes and Sujata Rao Editing by William Maclean, Elaine Hardcastle, Jonathan Oatis and David GregorioOur Standards: 
20220223_165637_uga_C000813_A000021	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/cr_total_smartphone_revenues_in_2021_reached_448_billion_apple_leads_the_way-news-53318.php	UGA	The latest Counterpoint Research report is taking a look at the revenues generated by smartphone makers for the past year. Smartphone vendors generated a total of $448 billion in revenues for 2021 which represents a 7% increase compared to the values for 2020. The average smartphone selling price (ASP) grew by 12% on the yearly basis and reached $322 thanks to a growing demand for 5G devices. An estimated 40% of all smartphones shipped in 2021 were 5G-capable which is an 18% rise compared to 2020 values. Apple yet again sits atop the rankings with total revenues of $196 billion and a 44% share of all revenues in the smartphone market. Cupertino saw increased demand for its new iPhone 13 series as well as prolonged interest for the previous-gen iPhone 12 models. The ASP for iPhones in 2021 reached $821 which is an all-time high. Apple continued its rise in developing markets like India, Thailand, Vietnam and Brazil. Coming in at a distant second place is Samsung with its $72 billion in revenues. The figure is an 11% increase compared to 2020’s $64 billion. Samsung phones’ ASP grew by 5% on the yearly basis reaching $263. The midrange and premium segments contributed to the largest growth for the South Korean tech giant with the flagship Galaxy S series and midrange Galaxy A and M models selling the most units. Samsung also managed to expand its foldable shipments threefold. Xiaomi is the third leading brand with $37 billion in revenues which is a 49% increase compared to 2020 values. India served as Xiaomi’s key market where the brand reached new highs in the smartphones priced above INR 18,000 ($250) which accounted for 14% of the brand’s presence in the country. Oppo saw $36 billion in revenues and a 15% increase in its phones’ ASP which now stands at $259. The brand’s Find X3, Reno 6 series and sister company OnePlus 9 series were the most sought-after devices. Over 50% of Oppo phones shipped in 2021 were 5G ready. Fifth place belonged to fellow BBK subsidiary vivo which saw revenues of $34 billion. Its smartphone ASP also stood at $259 and it was also the fifth-largest brand in terms of global smartphone shipments for 2021. 
20220223_165637_nga_C000815_A000007	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/ukraine-remain-neutral-foreign-affairs-expert-urges-nigeria/	NGA	Published 25 February 2022 The President of the Association of Foreign Relations Professionals in Nigeria, Ambassador Ganiyu Lawal, has urged the Nigerian government to remain neutral as the Russia-Ukraine conflict enters its second day. The News Agency of Nigeria reported that Lawal, on Friday, told reporters that diplomacy remained the best way to resolve conflicts. The PUNCH had reported that Russia invaded Ukraine on Thursday, February 24, 2022. According to NAN, Lawal advised that, rather than taking sides, Nigeria should join other nations in suing for peace. “At this time, it is important that the Nigerian government should remain neutral, as we have been non-align all along. “Nigeria should join other countries suing for peace, because the world needs peace at this time more than ever. “The Nigerian government has made arrangements for her citizens who want to leave to leave as soon as the airports are opened. “Where it is not possible, a safe corridor will be negotiated for evacuation of civilians,” Lawal said. Commenting on the crisis, Lawal berated actors for not observing rules of engagement or towing the path of diplomacy. He said that the world had a strong diplomatic architecture put in place to forestall bullying of smaller countries by bigger powers, through collective security efforts. He said further, “However, in the face of glaring bullying by bigger power, the whole world will rise against it under the principle of collective security. “And the bigger power will be defeated, no matter how strong, since it cannot simultaneously do battle on multiple fronts. “The implication is to allow peace to reign and refrain from provocative moves that threatens world peace, respect for the rule and spirit of the rule of engagement,” Lawal added. The AFRPN president further said that the ongoing crisis would have a ripple effect on the economies of Africa, and Nigeria in particular, as African countries rely on importation, NAN reported. Lawal stated that it is high time African nations started trading internally amongst one another to avoid the kind of effect that conflicts like this would have on import-based economies. (NAN) 
20220223_165637_nga_C000815_A000009	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/impeachment-matawalle-wont-bow-to-pressure-zamfara-apc/	NGA	Maiharaji Altine, Gusau Published 25 February 2022 The Zamfara State chapter of the All Progressive Congress has affirmed that no amount of pressure would hinder Governor Bello Mattawale from doing the right thing in moving the state forward. The party was reacting to the recent impeachment of the former Deputy Governor, Barrister Mahdi Aliyu Gusau, and the subsequent appointment of Senator Hassan Nasiha as the new Deputy Governor. In a statement, the spokesperson of the party, Yusuf Idris said, the APC leadership in the state has confidence that Matawalle would change the narration of Zamfara politics to a far better one that people would benefit and be proud of. “It is our belief that Governor Matawalle’s determination to move Zamfara State is uncompromising and no amount of pressure or destructive tendencies will hinder him from doing the right thing in order to move Zamfara State to the promised land”. “We pray that the people will continue to pray for the growth and development of the state under the focused leadership of the people’s Governor and Barden Hausa”. “We also commend the Zamfara State House Assembly under the leadership of Right Honourable Nasiru Maazu Magarya for standing by the truth and the nation’s constitution to usher in new leaf in our Zamfara politics. The statement added that the state’s chapter of the party was determined to work closely with the House to bring more development to the state. The party has also congratulated the new Deputy Governor, Senator Hassan Muhammad Nasiha on his inauguration to occupy the office. “The APC under the Chairmanship of Hon. Tukur Umar Danfulani is confident in the ability of the new Deputy Governor to fully support His Excellency, Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle MON in his drive to move Zamfara forward”. “Senator Hassan Nasiha is unquestionably a loyal and experienced politician who stands out to be recognized at any time”. Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: 
20220225_160119_phl_C000006_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/parker-solar-probe-close-approach-february-2022	PHL	The is ready to make its 11th close flyby of the sun during its quest to understand how our neighboring star works.The plucky spacecraft, heavily shielded against the suns radiation and extreme heat, will dip to within 5.3 million miles (8.5 million kilometers) of the solar surface on Friday (Feb. 25). Thats about 14 times closer than the orbit of Mercury, our closest planet to the .The exact time of the closest approach, known as perihelion, will be 10:36 a.m. EST (1536 GMT), according to a spokesperson at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, which oversees the mission. Related: At closest approach, the spacecraft will be flying at about 364,660 mph (586,860 kilometers kph); Parker Solar Probe has held the speed record for fastest spacecraft since 2018, .By the end of its mission, the spacecraft will be send home data from within just 3.83 million miles (6.16 million km) of the suns surface. Getting that close to the sun will allow scientists to continue making observations about the solar environment, particularly the atmosphere, which scientists call the . The incredibly hot corona is millions of degrees hotter than the surface, regardless of the scale of temperature used, and its not quite clear yet how this huge jump in temperatures happens. to study the suns outer atmosphere and includes four different instrument suites to learn more about how the corona works, and how it affects space weather near our planet. can affect our planet in numerous ways, especially when coronal mass ejections of charged particles from our sun hit infrastructure such as power lines or satellites. These events, however, also can produce colorful displays high in up in our atmosphere called .While doing solar science, Parker is also performing flybys of other planets to pick up speed and to do some side science observations. An example includes visible-light pictures of Venus that the probe captured, released . Over the mission, the probe will make a total of seven Venus flybys to use the planets gravity to adjust course; the next such flyby will occur in August 2023.Follow Elizabeth Howell on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter and on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220225_160119_aus_C000007_A000031	www.miragenews.com	https://www.miragenews.com/hidden-weaknesses-within-volcanoes-may-cause-732120/	AUS	Lava domes form at the top of many volcanoes when viscous lava erupts. When they become unstable, they can collapse and cause a hazard. An international team of researchers has analysed summit dome instabilities at Merapi Volcano, Indonesia. The researchers hope that by understanding the inner processes, volcano collapses can be better forecasted.Catastrophic volcano collapses and associated explosions, like the famous collapse of Mt St Helens in 1980, are widely considered as unpredictable. This is because the physical properties, stress conditions, and internal structure of volcanoes and the lava domes on top of many volcanoes are not well understood and can change rapidly from one day to another.A new study jointly led by Gadja Mata University in Yogyakarta Indonesia, Uppsala University in Sweden, and the German Research Center GFZ at Potsdam is now able to explain summit dome instabilities and associated pyroclastic flows at Merapi volcano, Indonesia. The study combines novel drone-based photogrammetry surveillance over several years with mineralogical, geochemical, and mechanical rock strength measurements.The research demonstrated that a horseshoe-shaped fracture zone in the volcanoes summit region that formed in 2012 and which guided intense gas emission in the past was subsequently buried by renewed lava outpourings in 2018. The new lava dome that has been forming since 2018 started to show signs of instability in 2019 and the researchers were able to show that the summit dome of the volcano is currently collapsing along this now-hidden fracture zone. The research team then considered the changes that must have occurred along this now buried fracture zone from long term gas flux by measuring the composition and physical properties along similar fracture zones in the volcano’s summit region, and concludes that weakened rocks of the hidden fracture zone are likely the main cause for the location of the ongoing summit instabilities at Merapi.This finding now offers an opportunity for monitoring teams at volcanoes to better forecast locations of potential volcano collapse by employing long-term /Public Release. This material from the originating organization/author(s) may be of a point-in-time nature, edited for clarity, style and length. The views and opinions expressed are those of the author(s).View in full . 
20220225_160119_sgp_C000008_A000029	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220225085845.htm	SGP	Physicists searching -- unsuccessfully -- for todays most favored candidate for dark matter, the axion, have been looking in the wrong place, according to a new supercomputer simulation of how axions were produced shortly after the Big Bang 13.6 billion years ago. Using new calculational techniques and one of the worlds largest computers, Benjamin Safdi, assistant professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley; Malte Buschmann, a postdoctoral research associate at Princeton University; and colleagues at MIT and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory simulated the era when axions would have been produced, approximately a billionth of a billionth of a billionth of a second after the universe came into existence and after the epoch of cosmic inflation. The simulation at Berkeley Labs National Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) found the axions mass to be more than twice as big as theorists and experimenters have thought: between 40 and 180 microelectron volts (micro-eV, or ?eV), or about one 10-billionth the mass of the electron. There are indications, Safdi said, that the mass is close to 65 ?eV. Since physicists began looking for the axion 40 years ago, estimates of the mass have ranged widely, from a few ?eV to 500 ?eV. We provide over a thousandfold improvement in the dynamic range of our axion simulations relative to prior work and clear up a 40-year old question regarding the axion mass and axion cosmology, Safdi said. The more definitive mass means that the most common type of experiment to detect these elusive particles -- a microwave resonance chamber containing a strong magnetic field, in which scientists hope to snag the conversion of an axion into a faint electromagnetic wave -- wont be able to detect them, no matter how much the experiment is tweaked. The chamber would have to be smaller than a few centimeters on a side to detect the higher-frequency wave from a higher-mass axion, Safdi said, and that volume would be too small to capture enough axions for the signal to rise above the noise. Our work provides the most precise estimate to date of the axion mass and points to a specific range of masses that is not currently being explored in the laboratory, he said. I really do think it makes sense to focus experimental efforts on 40 to 180 ?eV axion masses, but theres a lot of work gearing up to go after that mass range. One newer type of experiment, a plasma haloscope, which looks for axion excitations in a metamaterial -- a solid-state plasma -- should be sensitive to an axion particle of this mass, and could potentially detect one. The basic studies of these three-dimensional arrays of fine wires have worked out amazingly well, much better than we ever expected, said Karl van Bibber, a UC Berkeley professor of nuclear engineering who is building a prototype of the plasma haloscope while also participating in a microwave cavity axion search called the HAYSTAC experiment. Bens latest result is very exciting. If the post-inflation scenario is right, after four decades, discovery of the axion could be greatly accelerated. If axions really exist. The work will be published Feb. 25 in the journal Nature Communications. Axion top candidate for dark matter Dark matter is a mysterious substance that astronomers know exists -- it affects the movements of every star and galaxy -- but which interacts so weakly with the stuff of stars and galaxies that it has eluded detection. That doesnt mean dark matter cant be studied and even weighed. Astronomers know quite precisely how much dark matter exists in the Milky Way Galaxy and even in the entire universe: 85% of all matter in the cosmos. To date, dark matter searches have focused on massive compact objects in the halo of our galaxy (called massive compact halo objects, or MACHOs), weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs) and even unseen black holes. None turned up a likely candidate. Dark matter is most of the matter in the universe, and we have no idea what it is. One of the most outstanding questions in all of science is, What is dark matter? Safdi said. We suspect it is a new particle we dont know about, and the axion could be that particle. It could be created in abundance in the Big Bang and be floating out there explaining observations that have been made in astrophysics. Though not strictly a WIMP, the axion also interacts weakly with normal matter. It passes easily through the earth without disruption. It was proposed in 1978 as a new elementary particle that could explain why the neutrons spin does not precess or wobble in an electric field. The axion, according to theory, suppresses this precession in the neutron. Still to this day, the axion is the best idea we have about how to explain these weird observations about the neutron, Safdi said. In the 1980s, the axion began to be seen also as a candidate for dark matter, and the first attempts to detect axions were launched. Using the equations of the well-vetted theory of fundamental particle interactions, the so-called Standard Model, in addition to the theory of the Big Bang, the Standard Cosmological Model, it is possible to calculate the axions precise mass, but the equations are so difficult that to date we have only estimates, which have varied immensely. Since the mass is known so imprecisely, searches employing microwave cavities -- essentially elaborate radio receivers -- must tune through millions of frequency channels to try to find the one corresponding to the axion mass. With these axion experiments, they dont know what station theyre supposed to be tuning to, so they have to scan over many different possibilities, Safdi said. Safdi and his team produced the most recent, though incorrect, axion mass estimate that experimentalists are currently targeting. But as they worked on improved simulations, they approached a team from Berkeley Lab that had developed a specialized code for a better simulation technique called adaptive mesh refinement. During simulations, a small part of the expanding universe is represented by a three-dimensional grid over which the equations are solved. In adaptive mesh refinement, the grid is made more detailed around areas of interest and less detailed around areas of space where nothing much happens. This concentrates computing power on the most important parts of the simulation. The technique allowed Safdis simulation to see thousands of times more detail around the areas where axions are generated, allowing a more precise determination of the total number of axions produced and, given the total mass of dark matter in the universe, the axion mass. The simulation employed 69,632 physical computer processing unit (CPU) cores of the Cori supercomputer with nearly 100 terabytes of random access memory (RAM), making the simulation one of the largest dark matter simulations of any kind to date. The simulation showed that after the inflationary epoch, little tornadoes, or vortices, form like ropey strings in the early universe and throw off axions like riders bucked from a bronco. You can think of these strings as composed of axions hugging the vortices while these strings whip around forming loops, connecting, undergoing a lot of violent dynamical processes during the expansion of our universe, and the axions hugging the sides of these strings are trying to hold on for the ride, Safdi said. But when something too violent happens, they just get thrown off and whip away from these strings. And those axions which get thrown off of the strings end up becoming the dark matter much later on. By keeping track of the axions that are whipped off, researchers are able to predict the amount of dark matter that was created. Adaptive mesh refinement allowed the researchers to simulate the universe much longer than previous simulations and over a much bigger patch of the universe than previous simulations. We solve for the axion mass both in a more clever way and also by throwing just as much computing power as we could possibly find onto this problem, Safdi said. We could never simulate our entire universe because its too big. But we dont need to stimulate our entire universe. We just need to simulate a big enough patch of the universe for a long enough period of time, such that we capture all of the dynamics that we know are contained within that box. The team is working with a new supercomputing cluster now being built at Berkeley Lab that will enable simulations that will provide an even more precise mass. Called Perlmutter, after Saul Perlmutter, a UC Berkeley and Berkeley Lab physicist who won the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering the accelerating expansion of the universe driven by so-called dark energy, the next-generation supercomputer will quadruple the computing power of NERSC. We want to make even bigger simulations at even higher resolution, which will allow us to shrink these error bars, hopefully down to the 10% level, so we can tell you a very precise number, like 65 plus or minus 2 micro-eV. That then really changes the game experimentally, because then it would become an easier experiment to verify or exclude the axion in such a narrow mass range, Safdi said. For van Bibber, who was not a member of Safdis simulation team, the new mass estimate tests the limits of microwave cavities, which work less well at high frequencies. So, while the lower limit of the mass range is still within the ability of the HAYSTAC experiment to detect, he is enthused about the plasma haloscope. Over the years, new theoretical understanding has loosened the constraints on the axion mass; it can be anywhere within 15 orders of magnitude, if you consider the possibility that axions formed before inflation. Its become an insane task for experimentalists, said van Bibber, who holds UC Berkeleys Shankar Sastry Chair of Leadership and Innovation. But a recent paper by Frank Wilczeks Stockholm theory group may have resolved the conundrum in making a resonator which could be simultaneously both very large in volume and very high in frequency. An actual resonator for a real experiment is still some ways away, but this could be the way to go to get to Safdis predicted mass. Once simulations give an even more precise mass, the axion may, in fact, be easy to find. It was really crucial that we teamed up with this computer science team at Berkeley Lab, Safdi said. We really expanded beyond the physics field and actually made this a computing science problem. Safdis colleagues include Malte Buschmann of Princeton; MIT postdoctoral fellow Joshua Foster; Anson Hook of the University of Maryland; and Adam Peterson, Don Willcox and Weiqun Zhang of Berkeley Labs Center for Computational Sciences and Engineering. The research was largely funded by the U.S. Department of Energy through the Exascale Computing Project (17-SC-20-SC) and through the Early Career program (DESC0019225). Video: Video on measuring an axion: 
20220225_160119_gbr_C000013_A000026	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-10550695/Robert-Pattinson-admits-relief-Batmans-release-injury-loneliness-fall-outs.html	GBR	has revealed his relief at being able to put The Batman behind him - following a gruelling three year shoot costing a whopping Ł100 million and a reported fallout with the blockbusters perfectionist director, Matt Reeves.He also confessed that he was the type who would be looking for the exit strategy before youve even started something, adding that the picture was one of the hardest things Ive done in my life. Not only did the actor, 35, break his wrist while performing a stunt early in the production process, he was allegedly forced to reshoot scenes over 50 times and refused to keep in shape while taking six months out due to restrictions. Phew! Robert Pattinson (pictured in-character) has admitted he was looking for an exit strategy from The Batman - after breaking his wrist on-set, battling with loneliness and falling out with director Matt Reeves when he was forced to reshoot a scene over 50 timesHe reportedly caused crew members to become paranoid when he tested positive for Covid upon his return, battled with loneliness while living in a tent around the country and had his take on Batmans voice overruled after two weeks of filming.At the superhero films London screening at Waterloos BFI IMAX on Wednesday, the former Twilight star let out to : Its a relief. For (director) Matt Reeves, this is five years. Ive been kind of working on this for three years. Originally set for release in 2018, R-Patz is thought to have been paid $3m (Ł2.24m) to replace Ben Affleck, who had originally signed up to star in the titular role while directing and producing before suffering interferences in his personal life.Having transformed into the character for Batman v Superman and Justice League, Ben checked into rehab for alcohol addiction in 2018 amid his divorce from his then-wife Jennifer Garner, following a thirteen year marriage. Stressful: A source said: Matt (right) will insist on doing scenes over and over again and get bogged down in the tiny details. Some­times its like he doesnt know when to stop (pictured with Robert)Matt then cast Zoë Kravitz to play Catwoman, but she was soon left praying he would call cut before her co-stars sweat would fall in her mouth, during exhausting scenes which caused him to sweat profusely.A source had told the publication: Matt will insist on doing scenes over and over again and get bogged down in the tiny details. Some­times its like he doesnt know when to stop.Lenny Kravitzs daughter stopped going out in fear of catching the virus and admitted she started to cry after being fitted into her tight and restrictive costume, although found solace in Robert, with Matt claiming the pair really connected.In December 2020 and amid The Batman shoot, she filed for divorce from her husband Karl Glusman and it was said Robert had tenderly draped his coat over her shoulders during one shivering shoot. Talented: Matt then cast Zoë Kravitz (pictured left in-character) to play Catwoman, but she was soon left praying he would call cut before her co-stars sweat would fall in her mouth, during exhausting scenes which caused him to sweat profusely.It was soon revealed thought that Zoë had begun dating Hollywood heartthrob Channing Tatum while Roberts relationship with model Suki Waterhouse went from strength to strength.The MTV Movie Award winner also confessed he was given a slap on the wrist just two weeks into filming after speaking with a whispery voice in his role as Bruce Wayne.He had been attempting to steer away from the gruff and gravelly portrayal by his predecessors, Ben, Christian Bale, George Clooney and Michael Keaton.Robert went on to claim he felt alone while living in a tent between Liverpool, London and Glasgow, which left him disconnected with the outside world. Oh dear: Originally set for release in 2018, R-Patz is thought to have been paid $3m (Ł2.24m) to replace Ben Affleck (pictured in-character), who had originally signed up to star in the titular role while directing and producing before suffering interferences in his personal lifeHe said: Youre not really allowed out of the studio with the suit on, so I barely knew what was going on at all outside. Moviegoers excited to see Roberts The Batman movie in cinemas from March 4 should brace themselves, as its set to be the longest film in the franchise ever at nearly three hours long.The hotly-anticipated comic book film is said to have a running time of two hours and 55 minutes, including eight minutes of credits, according to . Ben will reclaim his role in The Flash later this year alongside former Batman star Michael, who will also play the character but in another dimension.With studio bosses planning for a trilogy in Roberts installment, The Sun has claimed that a sequel may not be so certain.Matt Reeves representatives have been contacted for comment by MailOnline. The forthcoming motion picture features an ensemble cast including Dano as Edward Nashton/The Riddler, Zoë as Catwoman/Selina Kyle and Colin Farrell as The Penguin/Oswald Cobblepot.The movie is set to arrive in theaters March 4. Star-studded: The forthcoming motion picture features an ensemble cast (L-R: Dylan Clark, Andy Serkis, Robert, Zoë, Paul Dano, Jeffrey Wright and Matt pictured on Wednesday) 
20220225_160119_nzl_C000031_A000022	www.esports.net	https://www.esports.net/news/apex-legends-mobile-beta-everything-we-know-so-far/	NZL	Apex Legends has grown considerably since its launch with its esports scene becoming bigger than ever. The game is about to take its next leap forward though with the launch of the Apex Legends Mobile beta. This early access is going to be releasing next week allowing players to get hands on experience with the mobile version of the Battle Royale. This game has the potential to tap into the market. The Apex Legends mobile beta should be available starting next week February 28th. Apex Legends Mobile Beta The Apex Legends Mobile beta has just been announced and it’s coming sooner than a lot of players might have expected. The first closer beta was in a few countries last year, but a much wider beta is about to launch next week. The game is going to have a limited regional launch in 10 countries. This is going to be for free, and available on both iOS and Android. While only some countries are getting the beta, this going to be pretty wide in terms of who can access it. These are counties included in the Apex Legends mobile beta: Australia New Zealand Singapore Malaysia The Philippines [/col] Indonesia Mexico Peru Argentina Colombia These countries will be able to play the game during this early beta. This time around India is missing from the list, although they were previously involved in past early access periods. Apex Legends Mobile is being developed by Respawn. They’ve not given much more information on the roadmap to release for the title. This initial closed beta is going to get some feedback for how the game is going so far. If it goes well, we might see a wider release pretty soon. The game is going to be on both major mobile operating systems. Along with having relatively low requirements for a phone’s specs for download. This is going to make the beta pretty widely available to those who want to take part. Even if you’re not in the right region, players can give things a go with a VPN if they’re willing to tolerate the lag from one. What’s in the Apex Legends Mobile Beta? This Apex Legends Mobile Beta isn’t going to be the full game just yet. However, a decent slice of content is going to be available here. We don’t know fully how many features and modes are going to be available compared to launch. However, there are a decent number of Legends in the game so far. Bloodhound, Gibraltar, Lifeline, Wraith, Bangalore, Octane, Mirage, Pathfinder, and Caustic are all going to in this closed beta. Cross-Play, Consoles, and PC This mobile version of Apex Legends is being developed separately from the mainline game. That means it isn’t going to feature cross-play with console or PC for Apex Legends. While emulators can probably help you play on PC, if you’re following the rules then you’ll be sticking with mobile. Apex Legends Mobile – What’s Next? Apex Legends Mobile is likely going to see release this year, with summer previously being suggested as a release date for the game. We can expect more news following this closed beta, and possibly an even wider test period as we get closer to the eventual release date. The title is hotly anticipated for those looking at mobile games given the success of the previous titles that went from consoles and PC to mobile, like Call of Duty Mobile, and Wild Rift. Those games have managed to bring parts of their esports scenes over to mobile and grow a healthy and dedicated community of professional players. Apex Legends has a lot of potential for this on mobile as well. It is a bit early to judge with just an Apex Legends mobile beta, but competitive viability is definitely something people will be looking at with this game. 
20220225_160119_lva_C000032_A000006	www.aljazeera.com	https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/2/25/what-is-swift-could-be-used-punish-putin	LVA	Russia’s of Ukraine has triggered as well as calls to sever it from the main global payments system. On Saturday, Western allies moved to block certain Russian banks’ access to the SWIFT international payment system in further punishment of Moscow as it presses on with its military assault. Al Jazeera takes a look at SWIFT and its relevance to the crisis in Ukraine. What is SWIFT and what does it do? SWIFT is a network used by banks to send secure messages about transfers of money and other transactions. More than 11,000 financial institutions around the world use SWIFT, making it the backbone of the international financial transfer system. Who owns SWIFT? SWIFT is a cooperative company under Belgian law. On its website, it says “it’s owned and controlled by its shareholders [financial institutions] representing approximately 3,500 firms from across the world”. The system is overseen by the G10 central banks, as well as the European Central Bank, with its lead overseer being the National Bank of Belgium. How is Russia involved? According to the Russian National SWIFT Association, Russia has the second-largest number of users after the US, with some 300 Russian financial institutions in the system, more than half of Russia’s financial institutions. Alicia Garcia Herrero, chief economist for the Asia Pacific at Natixis in Hong Kong, said banning Russia from SWIFT would be a serious blow to the country. “[It’s a big deal] since no debt or trade finance payments can be made. It is bigger than stopping EU imports of gas from Russia,” Garcia Herrero told Al Jazeera. VIDEO What has Russia said? Nikolay Zhuravlev, vice-speaker of Russia’s Federation Council, acknowledged in January that the country’s ejection from SWIFT was a possibility. “SWIFT is a settlement system, it is a service. Therefore, if Russia is disconnected from SWIFT, then we will not receive [foreign] currency, but buyers, European countries in the first place, will not receive our goods – oil, gas, metals and other important components of their imports. Do they need it? I am not sure,” Zhuravlev said, according to the TASS Russian agency. Zhuravlev also noted that while SWIFT is convenient, it is not the only way of transferring money, and a decision like suspending a country would need unanimity among members. What does the suspension mean? Russian banks will find it harder to communicate with peers internationally, even in friendly countries such as China, slowing trade and making transactions costlier. But the allies, who also vowed curbs on Russia’s central bank to limit its ability to support the rouble, have not yet said which banks would be targeted. That would be crucial to the measure’s impact, said sanctions and banking experts. If the list covers the largest Russian banks, such as Sberbank SBER.MM, VTB VTBR.MM, and Gazprombank, it would be “an absolutely huge deal”, economic expert Edward Fishman wrote on Twitter, adding that the “details would matter”. Sberbank and VTB have previously said they are prepared for any developments. The sanctions are likely to hit the rouble hard when markets open on Monday, said Sergey Aleksashenko, a former deputy chairman of the Russian central bank who now lives in the US, leading to the disappearance of many imports to Russia. “This is the end of a significant part of the economy,” Aleksashenko added. “Half the consumer market is going to disappear. These goods will disappear if payments can’t be made for them.” VIDEO But the impact could be blunted if the listed banks were limited to those already sanctioned and Russia’s central bank was given time to transfer assets elsewhere, said one former senior Russian banker, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “If it is the banks that are already sanctioned, it doesn’t really make a difference. But if it is the top 30 Russian banks then that is an entirely different matter,” he said. “It all sounds very loud and everyone is very glad, but in reality, it is a political statement.” As an alternative to SWIFT, Russia has set up its own network, the SPFS (System for Transfer of Financial Messages). It sent about 2 million messages in 2020, or about a fifth of Russian internal traffic, says the central bank, which aims to up this share to 30 percent in 2023. 
20220225_160119_aus_C000034_A000001	www.smh.com.au	https://www.smh.com.au/national/russia-ukraine-live-updates-vladimir-putin-declares-war-on-ukraine-as-explosions-missiles-envelop-kyiv-kharkiv-world-condemns-attack-20220224-p59zjb.html	AUS	Chinese state media left Russia’s invasion of Ukraine off their front pages on Friday as Beijing weighed its response, even as the outbreak of war in Europe dominated conversations on Chinese social media.People’s Daily, the mouthpiece of the Communist Party, put the war on the bottom of page three on Friday, carrying a small piece on Foreign Minister Wang Yi’s call with his Russian counterpart and criticism of the US for “hyping” a military offensive that British Prime Minister Boris Johnson called the biggest conflict in Europe since 1945.The official Xinhua News Agency’s website on Friday relegated the crisis, which Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida said “struck at the very core foundation of our international order,” to a bullet on the site.In its media section, it showed people in the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv, going about daily life. While state broadcaster CCTV had some on-the-ground coverage, the front page of its app didn’t mention Ukraine.Beijing is struggling to articulate a position on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that allows it to join hands with Moscow in opposing US hegemony while still furthering its goal to be seen as a responsible global power.President Xi Jinping has yet to comment on his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin’s invasion, which comes weeks after China and Russia released a joint statement declaring their friendship had “no limits.“At a tense Foreign Ministry press briefing Thursday, spokeswoman Hua Chunying repeatedly sidestepped questions about whether Beijing considered Moscow’s military incursion into Ukrainian territory an invasion.China “didn’t wish to see what happened in Ukraine,” she said, adding that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries must be protected.Bloomberg 
20220225_160119_nga_C000035_A000010	dailypost.ng	https://dailypost.ng/2022/02/25/zamfara-impeachment-of-deputy-governor-ali-for-not-joining-apc-disheartening-saraki/	NGA	Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki has condemned the impeachment of Alhaji Mahdi Ali as Deputy Governor of Zamfara State, saying the development did not follow due processes. In a statement on his Facebook page, on Friday, the former lawmaker alleged that Barr. Mahdi Ali was impeached by the State Assembly over his refusal to dump the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. Saraki, who opined that such move would pose dangerous threat to the nation’s democracy, said the deposed deputy governor has right to freedom of association and should be allowed to chose his party. He said, “At this time, when all leaders and stakeholders in our young democracy should be pursuing and encouraging all means to follow the Constitution, the abrupt impeachment of the Deputy Governor of Zamfara State, Alhaji Mahdi Ali, without following due process and just because he refused to join the ruling party is truly disheartening. “We cannot attempt to subvert the freedom of association of any individual — whether a sitting public office holder or a regular citizen. This freedom allows any individual to freely join or exit a political party when he deems fit. The ruling party should not and cannot attempt to brow-beat a public office holder to join their party or to bend to their political leanings, simply because they have the majority in the legislature. “We must preserve the integrity of our democratic institutions, otherwise, we risk setting dangerous constitutional and political precedents that can spiral. “I must commend Barr. Mahdi Ali, for his courage and tenacity in the face of overwhelming adversity. He has shown that he is a young and progressive leader with true conviction. He stands as a beacon of hope for many young Nigerians”. DAILY POST recalls that the Zamfara State lawmakers had on Wednesday over some allegations leveled against him. Few hours after the impeachment, the State Governor, Bello Matawalle, Nasiha as the new deputy governor of the State. 
20220225_160119_tza_C000049_A000033	www.slashgear.com	https://www.slashgear.com/779983/hubble-images-two-galaxies-in-spectacular-head-on-collision/	TZA	Its hard to imagine, but out in the depths of space, galaxies can collide with each other. The sheer scale of these events is mind-boggling, but when two galaxies meet they can either cause destruction, with one galaxy being annihilated, or creation, with the two merging together to form one larger galaxy. The Hubble Space Telescope recently captured one such collision in action, with two galaxies meeting in a formation known as Arp 143. The two galaxies colliding are NGC 2445, on the right of the image, and NGC 2444, on the left. Their interactions have formed a striking triangle shape beautifully captured by Hubble. The enormous gravity of the galaxies affects their shape as well. If you look at galaxy NGC 2445 on the right, you can see that it is distorted as the gravitational forces pull at its edges. VIDEO But it isnt only destruction happening here – as the galaxies meet, there are stars being born amid the chaos as they form from the gas and dust present in both galaxies. Astronomers suggest that the two galaxies passed through each other, igniting the uniquely shaped firestorm of star formation in NGC 2445, where thousands of stars are bursting into life, Hubble scientists write (via ). This galaxy is awash with new stars because it is rich in gas, the raw material from which stars are made. However, it hasnt yet escaped the gravitational clutches of its partner at left. The pair is waging a cosmic tug-of-war, which NGC 2444 appears to be winning. That galaxy has pulled gas from NGC 2445, forming the oddball triangle of newly minted stars. A river of stars It is a river of new, young stars which glow blue and form what looks like a bridge between the two galaxies. Astronomers estimate that the new stars are between 50 million and 100 million years old on average, but there are even younger stars in the center of galaxy NGC 2445 which are just one million or two million years old, which is the blink of an eye in the lifetime of a star (via ). Astronomers want to observe the youngest stars at the heart of this galaxy as well. But there is a large amount of dust which obscures the view using visible light instruments like Hubble. However, it is possible to peer through this dust by looking in the infrared wavelength. The recently launched James Webb Space Telescope has a range of infrared instruments which allow it to look inside galaxies like these and get a better view of what is happening at their centers. Researchers are planning to use Webb to observe this region and find out more about the young stars shrouded by dust. 
20220225_160119_phl_C000053_A000008	www.rappler.com	https://www.rappler.com/nation/elections/jesuits-ateneo-theologians-endorse-robredo-pangilinan-2022/	PHL	MANILA, Philippines – More than 100 priests and brothers from the Jesuit order, which runs the Ateneo network of schools in the Philippines, endorsed presidential bet Leni Robredo and running mate Kiko Pangilinan for the May 9 elections. Joining them in endorsing Robredo and Pangilinan is the theology department of Ateneo de Manila University, one of the leading Catholic and Jesuit schools in the Philippines. “We believe that VP Leni and Senator Kiko display the least self-interest and are the most capable and morally credible to promote truth and social justice, protect our democratic principles and freedoms, and pursue our vision for our nation,” said at least 115 Jesuit signatories in a statement released Friday, February 25. “This coming election we pray we rediscover our soul as a nation, reclaim our deepest convictions, and retake the future of our nation,” they added. The Jesuit released their statement on the , the peaceful uprising that toppled dictator Ferdinand Marcos on February 25, 1986. It is Marcos’ son and namesake, Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr., who is leading the presidential race this year, with Robredo trailing him as his closest rival. In their statement, the Jesuits said “our collective soul as a people” is at stake in this year’s polls, after incompetence, impunity, vulgarity, and indecency reigned in recent years. The Jesuits said they reached their decision to endorse Robredo and Pangilinan “using the lens of Catholic social teaching and following the call of Pope Francis to be politically responsible in view of human dignity and the common good.” “We see this coming election as more than just an exercise of partisan choice. We see this election as a graced and fresh turning point to redefine ourselves, reclaim our aspirations, and redirect the course of our collective action,” they said. While stating they do not reflect the official position of Jesuits in the Philippines, the signatories include the top guns in their religious order. Among them are the following Jesuit priests: Ateneo de Manila University president Roberto Yap and former presidents Jett Villarin and Bienvenido Nebres, renowned musicians Manoling Francisco and Arnel Aquino, activist and poet Albert Alejo, and media personalities Nono Alfonso and JBoy Gonzales. The Society of Jesus, as the Jesuits are formally known, is the world’s biggest male religious order, whose most prominent member is no less than Pope Francis. In the Philippines, the Jesuits also run the seminary that produced diocesan priests such as Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle, now a top official at the Vatican, and Bishop Pablo Virgilio David, president of the Catholic Bishops’ Conference of the Philippines. Though known for their pro-poor and often activist stance, Jesuits – individually or as a group – have not been known to endorse specific candidates in Philippine elections, until this year. ‘Face the future with courage’ A day before the Jesuits published their endorsement, Ateneo de Manila’s Department of Theology released their own statement of support for the Robredo-Pangilinan tandem, titled “Hindi Na Sapat Ang Mangarap, Kailangan Nang Magtaya!” Deploring the impunity, corruption, incompetence, and failures of the Duterte regime, the Ateneo theologians said, “It is now time to face the future with courage.” “The signs of the times call all of us to prophetically defend the truth, even at the risk of being labeled divisive,” said Ateneo’s theology department, which took a swipe at the Marcos camp’s battle cry of unity. “The call for ‘Unity’ is empty at the expense of Gospel values. Authentic unity is grounded in truth, inclusive justice, and good governance,” the theologians said. They then “strongly” endorsed Robredo and Pangilinan as they “embody the ideals of exemplary leadership untainted by corruption and the needed competence to address society’s many social ills.” “A vote for the Robredo-Pangilinan tandem is not just a vote for viable candidates, but it is also a vote for the ultimate good of our nation. One such vote is a vote for candidates who espouse the Gospel and Filipino values. It is a vote against the return of the Marcos and Duterte dynasties in power which destroyed much of the nation’s social fabric,” the Ateneo theologians said. Like many other Catholic groups, the Jesuits and Ateneo’s theology department to support Robredo and Pangilinan, and to defeat Marcos Jr. in the presidential polls. Jesuits and their alumni were among the staunchest critics, and victims, of the Marcos regime. In 1974, authorities under Marcos , the Sacred Heart Novitiate in Novaliches, because of alleged Marxist links. This prompted then-Manila archbishop Jaime Cardinal Sin to issue an unprecedented statement against Marcos. Father Godofredo Alingal, a Jesuit who served in Kibawe, Bukidnon, in 1981 for speaking out against the military’s abuses. A Jesuit bishop, Francisco Claver, by the Marcos government in 1977, while Father James Reuter through his work in media. – Rappler.com 
20220225_160119_ind_C000057_A000003	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/cities/bangalore/karnataka-hc-hijab-case-hearing-reserves-judgment-7791224/	IND	The Karnataka high court on Friday reserved its judgment in the matter involving the restrictions imposed on wearing the hijab in classrooms of a batch of petitions filed by Muslim girls from government pre-university colleges in the Udupi district. Before the hijab-linked petitions were reserved for judgment, S Balan, a social activist and lawyer, filed a public interest litigation (PIL) stating that Muslim girls were being harassed by the media and the education authorities by forcing them to remove headscarves outside school and college campuses. He sought a court directive to restrict the media from intruding into the privacy of students by chasing them and filming them and the school and college authorities from forcing them to remove the hijab and burkha at the entrance of educational institutions. “The students have been humiliated,” the lawyer argued, calling the action of the electronic media “child abuse”.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium The HC full bench comprising Chief Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, Justice Krishna Dixit and Justice JM Khazi did not issue any orders but disposed of the PIL, saying “whoever is aggrieved can make complaints to appropriate authorities”. VIDEO The two-week-long hearings saw the Muslim girls’ lawyers argue that the right to wear the hijab in classrooms was part of the freedom of religion and expression, assailing the Karnataka education department’s February 5 order suggesting that the headscarf can be prohibited in institutions. The February 5 order was termed as inadmissible in administrative practice. It was also argued on behalf of the petitioners that the college committees do not have the power to prescribe uniforms in pre-university colleges since they are not statutory bodies. Karnataka advocate general Prabhuling Navadgi said that the government order was innocuous and did not direct the prohibition of religious attire but left it to the discretion of institutions. The AG, however, admitted certain portions of the order may have been unnecessary. He also argued that wearing of the hijab does not constitute an essential religious practice and that it does not fall in the category of freedom of religion but in the category of freedom of expression which can be curbed for discipline. The full bench constituted specifically to hear the hijab petitions had on February 10 passed a order which was misconstrued as a ban on the hijab in schools and colleges despite clarifications by the court that it applied only to state institutions with dress codes. Newsletter | 
20220225_160119_ind_C000057_A000024	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/adah-sharma-deletes-disrespectful-facebook-post-on-bappi-lahiri-after-backlash-admits-it-was-illtimed-101645792677242.html	IND	On Thursday, actor was trolled after her latest social media post fell foul with certain users. Adah had shared a collage of herself and on Facebook, in which she compared her accessorising to that of the singer-composers. Given that Bappi died recently, many criticised her, calling the post tone deaf, insensitive and disrespectful. The actor has now responded to the criticism, admitting that the post was indeed ill-timed. The post has also been deleted. (Also read: )In an interaction, Adah clarified that the Facebook entry was not something that she or her team created after Bappis death and had actually been shared on another platform earlier. The post was originally posted on my Instagram two years ago on 28 March 2020, she told The Times of India. Speaking about why she chose to upload the same on Facebook days after Bappis death, the actor said, The Bappi Da post that was uploaded on my Facebook page yesterday (February 24) had been scheduled for posting by us a month in advance. Unfortunately, we lost Bappi Da last week, making the scheduled post ill-timed. The post in question was a collage. On the left was a picture of Bappi Lahiri wearing his trademark gold jewellery and on the right was an image of Adah wearing multiple gold rings and chains. “Who wore it better?” her caption read.The post got huge backlash online, with many finding it to be ‘in very bad taste’. “Don’t compare yourself with a legend just for 5 seconds of fame,” a Facebook user said. “This is so disrespectful,” another wrote. “Comparing for fun is different, but just after someone’s demise? Sorry, but I thought only your movies were trash, looks like you have an even trashier upbringing and person,” one comment read. The post was deleted sometime on Friday.Composer Bappi, who popularised disco music in Bollywood , died on February 15 at a Mumbai hospital. He was cremated at the Pawan Hans Crematorium after his son Bappa Lahiri flew to Mumbai from Los Angeles. 
20220225_160119_zaf_C000059_A000005	businesstech.co.za	https://businesstech.co.za/news/finance/562882/how-sars-is-going-after-wealthy-taxpayers-in-south-africa/	ZAF	The South African Revenue Service (SARS) established a High Wealth Individuals Unit in 2021 to improve compliance of individuals with wealth and complex financial arrangements, says Louis Botha, senior associate at legal firm Cliffe Dekker Hofmeyr. SARS subsequently appointed Natasha Singh as its director in October 2021, indicating the unit has selected about 1,500 wealthy individuals and their related entities to be investigated for compliance purposes, but that it would extend its reach to include more individuals and families. “In the 2022 Budget Speech, it was announced that the HWI Unit was taking shape, as part of the rebuilding of SARS,” Botha said. “In addition, further proposals have been made that appear to be aimed at ensuring compliance by HNWIs.” Currently, provisional taxpayers with business interests are required to declare their assets (based on their cost) and liabilities in their tax returns each year. It is proposed that to assist with the detection of non-compliance or fraud through the existence of unexplained wealth, all provisional taxpayers with assets above R50 million be required to declare specified assets and liabilities at market values in their 2023 tax returns. “The 2022 Budget Speech notes that this additional information will also help to determine the levels of wealth holdings and structures as recommended by the Davis Tax Committee,” Botha said. Correct disclosure of asset values It appears that this proposal gives effect to SARS’ announcement in October 2021 about expanding the reach of the HWI Unit, said Botha. “It is likely that all individual provisional taxpayers who end up having to declare their assets under this proposal may also be investigated by the HWI Unit. “From a practical perspective, this proposal will place a greater burden on taxpayers to declare the market values of their assets correctly.” Taxpayers must also keep in mind that under the Tax Administration Act 28 of 2011, it is an offence to declare false information in a return, he said. “In other words, taxpayers could face the risk of prosecution if they do not declare the correct value of their assets in an attempt to fall below the R50 million threshold and avoid detection by SARS.” Importantly, taxpayers who are required to declare certain assets at market value will not necessarily end up paying more tax as a mere increase in wealth does not necessarily mean that more tax will be paid, Botha said. “An increase in the value of an asset will only result in additional tax being payable if that asset is disposed of and capital gains tax becomes payable. “Practically speaking, the implementation of the proposal may also allow SARS to assess whether an individual has correctly declared their income in a given year and whether their income tax liability seems correct, given the taxpayer’s level of wealth. ” Another interesting announcement in the 2022 Budget Speech is the proposal to review the provisional tax system given changing circumstances and international developments and the intention to publish a discussion paper in this regard, Botha said. “Given the proposal for provisional taxpayers owning assets in excess of R50 million to declare specified assets and liabilities in their 2023 tax returns, it will be interesting to see whether the review of the provisional tax system will affect the impact or reach of the proposal.” Read: 
20220225_160119_eth_C000071_A000006	reliefweb.int	https://reliefweb.int/report/ethiopia/unicef-ethiopia-country-office-humanitarian-situation-report-no-1-including-northern	ETH	Highlights • After the third consecutive failed rainy season, the drought in southern and south-eastern parts of Ethiopia (Somali, Afar, Oromia, and Southern Nations, Nationalities and People’s Region (SNNPR)) is now significantly impacting the lives and livelihoods of 6.83 million people including 2.5 million children. • A nutritional screening conducted by the Regional Health Bureau (RHB) across Somali Region in December 2021 revealed a proxy Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rate of 18 per cent, higher than the global threshold of 15 per cent. Some 225,000 malnourished children and over 100,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women in Somali and Oromia currently need nutrition support. • Measles Supplementary Immunization Activities (SIA) integrated with vitamin A supplementation and deworming campaign was launched in Tigray on 1 January 2022. A total of 690,074 children aged 6 - 59 months were vaccinated in phase I and phase II covering 95 per cent of the targeted 722,928 children. • In Amhara, through UNICEF supply and technical support, essential health service provision to internally displaced people and affected communities has continued, 150 Emergency Drug Kits (EDKs) (enough for 375,000 medical consultations), 73 Interagency Emergency Health Kits (IEHKs), 20,000 LongLasting Insecticidal Nets (LLINs) (enough for 40,000 people), 8 generators, 57 room heaters, 1,000 reusable suction bulbs and 600 neonatal resuscitator sets were dispatched to 60 health centres and 8 hospitals as part of the health facility service restoration and recovery in conflict affected areas in the region. Situation Overview and Humanitarian Needs After the third consecutive failed rainy season, the drought in southern and south-eastern parts of Ethiopia (Somali, Afar, Oromia, and Southern Nations, Nationalities and People’s Region (SNNPR)) is now significantly impacting the lives and livelihoods of 6.8 million people including 2.5 million children. The situation in the four regions is worsening: large displacement (estimated already 1.6 million IDPs); food insecurity and malnutrition (an estimated increase of roughly 20 per cent compared to the same period last year), failed crop harvests, increased drop out of schools, widespread water shortages, livestock migration, decline in livestock production and increased livestock deaths. In Somali, over 17,000 households have reportedly displaced from Dollo, Jerer, Korahey and Nogob zones to Fafen zone with their livestock putting pressure on meagre resources in the host communities; in addition, an influx of asylum seekers was reported at the border entry points in Dollo Ado from Somalia due to a looming drought in Bakol region. The January 2022 Hotspot classification system has identified 83 woredas as Priority 1 and 10 woredas as Priority 2, which is an increase from 69 woredas in Priority 1 identified in July 2021. A nutritional screening conducted by the Regional Health Bureau (RHB) across Somali Region in December 2021 revealed a proxy Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rate of 18 per cent, higher than the global threshold of 15 per cent. Some 225,000 malnourished children and over 100,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women in Somali and Oromia currently need nutrition support. The movement of pastoral communities in search of water has led to high absenteeism and school closures. In addition, according to woreda women and social affairs offices, with the increasing number of children migrating to different urban areas in search of means of survival, the situation has aggravated the risk of vulnerability to child labour, trafficking, child marriage and psychological distress. Currently 1,115 schools have been impacted by the drought (727 partially closed and 388 completed closed), affecting nearly 200,000 children across Somali region. While in Oromia a total of 678 schools (409 primary schools) in 11 woredas within 8 zones have been closed due to the current drought, over 220,000 students (over half girls) have been forced to drop out from school. In addition, a total of 902 schools have been closed due to conflict in the region. As a result, 850,903 (360,074 girls) students have been forced to leave school. Moreover, 2,496 schools are at high risk of closure unless the drought situation improves. Water scarcity is at an alarming level requiring scaled-up water trucking support. In Oromia, over 904 water schemes are reported non-functional in the lowland areas, 30 per cent of these non-functional schemes require replacement of pumps and generators. Further to the above, 213 water trucks are needed to provide safe water supply across affected areas in the region, however, only 103 trucks (48% of the need) are currently providing water rationing . UNICEF is supporting 16 of the 103 water trucks in Borena, East Hararghe, West Hararghe, Guji, and West Arsi zones reaching more than 300,000 beneficiaries including IDPs. In Somali region, over 1,141 sites require water trucking support, two million people in 657 kebeles of 86 woredas are facing water shortages. Of 487 boreholes in the region, at least 87 boreholes are dysfunctional. UNICEF is currently supporting the rehabilitation of 14 strategic boreholes and water systems for emergency water supply systems (including procurement of electromechanical items). In SNNP, the residents of South Omo zone (Dasenech, Hamer, Ngangatom, Benastemaye and Malle woredas) and Konso zone are facing water shortage with over 20,000 peoples affected by drought emergency in Loka Abaya, Boricha, Bilate zuria, Derara and Hawela zuria woredas of the Sidama region and the problem is intensified due to the failure of 40 water schemes in five droughts affected woredas: out of a total of 798 non-functional water schemes in the region. The situation in northern Ethiopia remains tense with heavy clashes reported in Afar region, along the border with Tigray. The new conflict reported in Kilbati zone has affected six woredas of Abala, Berhale, Dalol, Erebti, Koneba and Megale. According to the Afar regional authorities, nearly the entire population of Megale, Abala and Konaba woredas have been affected, with over 200,000 people newly displaced. According to Afar regional authorities the overall IDP case load of the region has now reached around 765,000, which is nearly 40 per cent of the total population of the region. The conflicted coupled with the looming drought has disrupted social services which is further complicating and deepening the suffering of the lives of the pastoralist community. The situation in Tigray also continues to deteriorate with the continued access constraints and clashes in areas bordering Afar and Amhara. While access within Tigray has significantly improved since July 2021, humanitarian supplies were not able to reach Tigray through the Semera-AbalaMekelle corridor, the transport of humanitarian supplies into Tigray remain on halt since 15 December 2021 causing a grave impact on the implementation of humanitarian programs. In particular several critical lifesaving supplies are running out, such as Ready to Use Food and Health kits. The Amhara regional authorities have identified 11.6 million people in need of relief assistance in Amhara region, out of which 6.7 million are targeted to be reached with humanitarian intervention efforts through the Government and partners. Interruptions of water supply due to power outage, increasing cases of malnutrition among children and mothers, disruptions to learning and teaching continue to be reported in the region. In Benishangul Gumuz, with the exception of Assosa zone, the overall security situation in the region remains tense and unpredictable with armed clashes between government forces and unidentified armed groups (UAGs) recorded in Mao Komo special woreda, Metekel, and Kemashi zones. In addition, the security situation in Tongo town, Assosa zone has worsened as a result of the UAG attack on 18 January 2022, which resulted in approximately 11,000 refugees fleeing Tongo refugee camp and attempting to settle in the nearby Tsore refugee camp. Due to the ongoing conflict in the region, 43 per cent of the 289 schools are closed, with over 136,000 children out of school; 62 per cent of health posts and 33 per cent of health centers are closed and/or looted or destroyed and 1,390 water schemes (39%) are nonfunctional. In Gambella, according to the regional Disaster Prevention and Food Security Agency (DPFSA) report, on 12 January 2022 new conflict between South Sudan government forces and rebels have increased at the border area of Pagak and South Sudan, which led to the displacement of over 9,200 people in four kebeles in Jikaow and one kebele in Lare woredas. According to the Regional Education Bureau (REB) five schools are closed in both woredas due to the intercommunal conflict. In January 2022, there were 34 cholera cases (with no death) reported from Oromia region, Bale zone, Harena Buluk and Dollo Mena woredas. Since August 2021, a total 674 cases have been reported from Oromia region (567), Dollo Mena, Meda wolabu, and Harana Buluk woredas and Somali region (107), Kersadula woreda. Measles outbreak has been reported in 9 zones and 13 woredas of four regions, a total of 1,640 measles cases and 13 deaths with a case fatality rate of 0.8 per cent were reported in SNNP (1,005), Somali (495), Oromia (90) and Amhara (50). Deaths were reported in Somali (9) and SNNP (4). The major portion of measles cases in Somali were reported in Dollo Ado refugee reception center. As of 31 January 2022, a total of 465,158 confirmed COVID-19 cases and 7,337 deaths (case fatality rate (CFR) 1.58%) were reported in Ethiopia since the onset of the outbreak in March 2020. A total of 398,445 patients (85.7%) have recovered, while 59,374 cases remain active cases with 272 severe cases admitted in designated treatment centres in Addis Ababa and across the regions. The trend in COVID-19 case reports has shown a reduction in the number of cases, admission and positivity rate in January 2022 as compared to the previous month. Among the variants of concern, Alpha, Beta, Delta and Omicron variants were detected in Ethiopia. Over 9.37 million people have so far received COVID-19 vaccination while a total of 10.9 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines are being administered. UNICEF supported the delivery of 22.9 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines in 2021 (from March to December) and 18 million doses in 2022 (from January to February). In total, 40.9 million doses were delivered through COVAX. 
20220225_160119_eth_C000071_A000027	metro.co.uk	https://metro.co.uk/2022/02/25/mikel-arteta-makes-promise-to-nicolas-pepe-after-arsenal-stars-rescue-act-16172217/	ETH	Nicolas Pepe was involved in both of Arsenal’s late goals against Wolves (Picture: Getty)Mikel Arteta has promised Nicolas Pepe will get more chances to prove his worth if he can maintain his recent improvement. ’s record signing has been reduced to a bit-part role this season following the emergence of , allied to the continued excellence of Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli. Pepe, who joined Arsenal from Lille in a Ł72million deal back in the summer of 2019, recently returned after an impressive showing for Ivory Coast at the Africa Cup of Nations and Arteta has spotted a noticeable change in his attitude. Nicolas Pepe scored his first Premier League goal of the season in Arsenal’s comeback win over Wolves (Picture: Getty)The 26-year-old impressed during a brief cameo against Brentford last weekend and came off the bench to make a telling impact against Wolves last night, scoring his first Premier League goal of the campaign to sqaure the match, before providing with the chance to claim all three points deep in injury-time. ‘I told you last week, I see a different Nico,’ said Arteta afterwards. ‘I don’t know, it’s his energy, his happiness, his all-round play, how he’s training, I was convinced that he could come in and do something for the team. ‘He’s on the right path and when you’re able to do that and contribute to the team, you’re going to get more minutes. To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that ‘The more minutes you have, you need to make the most out of them in training every single day and show what you can do. He has the ability to do it, that’s for sure.’ Eddie Nketiah, whose Arsenal future is also the matter of intense speculation, impressed as well as a late substitute and Arteta was encouraged by the England Under-21 international’s ‘magnificent’ contribution. On the significance of last night’s win over a team rivalling Arsenal for a Champions League qualifying spot, Arteta added: ‘We don’t know because we are not there yet. ‘When we are there I will tell you how important it is. Today what is important is that we focus on playing better, maintain that capacity as a team to dominate and take the game where we want. ‘That’s what I want from everybody involved, especially the subs because today I think they were magnificent. There are some good examples for them to use tomorrow and we will keep going.’ MORE : MORE : For more stories like this, . Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on , and . 
20220225_160119_eth_C000071_A000032	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-ultrasounds-proven-effective-hands-off-spawn.html	ETH	Sara Boles of UC Davis’ Bodega Marine Laboratory gives an ultrasound to an abalone as part of efforts to help abalone more successfully spawn for aquaculture and conservation. Credit: Jackson Gross/UC Davis The worlds abalone are threatened, endangered or otherwise vulnerable in nearly every corner of the planet. While captive breeding efforts are underway for some species, these giant sea snails are notoriously difficult to spawn. If only we could wave a magic wand to know when abalone are ready to reproduce, without even touching them. Scientists from the University of California, Davis, found that wand—although it isnt magic, and it only looks like a wand. Its an , and it can be used to quickly and noninvasively detect when abalone are ready to spawn, according to a study published in the journal Frontiers in Marine Science. The technique is expected to help abalone farmers and captive breeding managers produce more abalone, with minimal stress to the animal. Increasing abalone welfare Abalone suction onto surfaces and typically have to be pried off for gonad inspection before spawning. For these animals—particularly endangered abalone—the less they are handled, the less opportunity for stress or physical harm. There are not a lot of animal welfare methods applied to invertebrate animals, let alone for aquatic species, said corresponding author Jackson Gross, an assistant professor of Cooperative Extension in Aquaculture with the UC Davis Department of Animal Science. Heres a way to increase the welfare of an abalone without bringing added stress to them. VIDEO UC Davis Aquaculture gives viewers a tour of the UC Davis Bodega Marine Laboratory to watch Dr. Sara Boles conduct ultrasound examinations of red abalone. Credit: UC Davis Aquaculture Cooperative Extension The United States Navys Pacific Fleet funded the research as part of its efforts to conserve federally endangered black abalone and find better ways to assess their reproductive health. Because of black abalones low numbers and high vulnerability, the authors used closely related farmed red abalone to test the effectiveness of ultrasounds on abalone. Gross had used the technique for gonad assessments on sturgeon and catfish, but it had never been tested for sea snails until this study. When Gross saw a video of a veterinarian in Scotland conducting an ultrasound on a large land snail, he felt certain it would work for abalone. Testing the tech With Gross background, the extensive knowledge of the white abalone captive breeding program at the UC Davis Bodega Marine Laboratory, and first author Sara Boles experience studying red abalone, the authors tested the method on 12 farm-raised red abalone and about 100 red abalone raised at Bodega Marine Lab. They monitored the lab-raised abalone for seven weeks to detect seasonal changes in their gonad size. They found that ultrasounds could differentiate reproductive tissues from digestive tissues. They were then able to create a gonad index score ranging from 1 to 5 that indicates the abalones readiness to reproduce. Abalone measuring in the 3 to 5 range could be ideal candidates for spawning. They also found the technology was sensitive enough to detect changes both before and after spawning. This is very helpful for broodstock managers when trying to select individuals for a spawning season, whether for production aquaculture or conservation, said Boles, a postdoctoral researcher with the UC Davis Coastal and Marine Sciences Institute at the Bodega Marine Laboratory. Farmed and captive-raised red abalone served as a proxy for endangered black abalone in UC Davis experiments to test if ultrasounds could be an effective, noninvasive means of assessing abalone’s reproductive health. Credit: Jackson Gross/UC Davis How to give abalone an ultrasound So how do you ultrasound an abalone? Its fairly straightforward. You submerge the abalone underwater in its tank and place the ultrasound transducer on the outside of the tank by the s foot. The sound passes through the tank and transmits the image. Routine assessments using ultrasounds can be conducted without touching the animal at all. Abalone do still have to be handled for spawning events, but ultrasounds can minimize the handling involved. Abalone are an ecologically and culturally important keystone species for Californias coastal ecosystem. They face multiple, often intertwining threats—from warming ocean temperatures and disease to crashing and habitat degradation. Were excited to see how much faster we can use this technology to assess the health of these animals, especially in a world where climate change is making an impact, Gross said. More information: Sara E. Boles et al, Evaluation of Gonad Reproductive Condition Using Non-invasive Ultrasonography in Red Abalone (Haliotis rufescens), Frontiers in Marine Science (2022). Citation: Ultrasounds proven an effective, hands-off way to help spawn endangered abalone (2022, February 25) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-ultrasounds-proven-effective-hands-off-spawn.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220225_160119_zwe_C000077_A000034	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220225100218.htm	ZWE	Researchers from the University of Turku, Finland, found that the axis of rotation of a black hole in a binary system is tilted more than 40 degrees relative to the axis of stellar orbit. The finding challenges current theoretical models of black hole formation. The observation by the researchers from Tuorla Observatory in Finland is the first reliable measurement that shows a large difference between the axis of rotation of a black hole and the axis of a binary system orbit. The difference between the axes measured by the researchers in a binary star system called MAXI J1820+070 was more than 40 degrees. Often for the space systems with smaller objects orbiting around the central massive body, the own rotation axis of this body is to a high degree aligned with the rotation axis of its satellites. This is true also for our solar system: the planets orbit around the Sun in a plane, which roughly coincides with the equatorial plane of the Sun. The inclination of the Sun rotation axis with respect to orbital axis of the Earth is only seven degrees. The expectation of alignment, to a large degree, does not hold for the bizarre objects such as black hole X-ray binaries. The black holes in these systems were formed as a result of a cosmic cataclysm -- the collapse of a massive star. Now we see the black hole dragging matter from the nearby, lighter companion star orbiting around it. We see bright optical and X-ray radiation as the last sigh of the infalling material, and also radio emission from the relativistic jets expelled from the system, says Juri Poutanen, Professor of Astronomy at the University of Turku and the lead author of the publication. By following these jets, the researchers were able to determine the direction of the axis of rotation of the black hole very accurately. As the amount of gas falling from the companion star to the black hole later began to decrease, the system dimmed, and much of the light in the system came from the companion star. In this way, the researchers were able to measure the orbit inclination using spectroscopic techniques, and it happened to nearly coincide with the inclination of the ejections. To determine the 3D orientation of the orbit, one additionally needs to know the position angle of the system on the sky, meaning how the system is turned with respect to the direction to the North on the sky. This was measured using polarimetric techniques, says Juri Poutanen. The results published in the Science magazine open interesting prospects towards studies of black hole formation and evolution of such systems, as such extreme misalignment is hard to get in many black hole formation and binary evolution scenarios. The difference of more than 40 degrees between the orbital axis and the black hole spin was completely unexpected. Scientists have often assumed this difference to be very small when they have modeled the behavior of matter in a curved time space around a black hole. The current models are already really complex, and now the new findings force us to add a new dimension to them, Poutanen states. The key finding was made using the in-house built polarimetric instrument DIPol-UF mounted at the Nordic Optical Telescope, which is owned by the University of Turku jointly with the Aarhus University in Denmark. Story Source: provided by . Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000088_A000001	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/25/europe/ukraine-russia-putin-endgame-intl/index.html	USA	Putin has been very clear about his basic goals in invading: He wants to disarm Ukraine, sever its ties to the NATO military alliance and end the Ukrainian peoples aspirations of joining the West.As well as bring to trial those who perpetrated numerous bloody crimes against civilians, including against citizens of the Russian Federation, Putin said, repeating a baseless claim of genocide in areas of Ukraines Donbas region controlled by Russian-backed separatists. Those, in short, are Putins aims. But guessing exactly how he plans to execute that plan is a different matter.Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov on Friday declined to answer repeated questions on the objectives of its invasion of Ukraine and when hostilities might end. But history can serve as a guide for understanding Putins possible endgames.Since Russias annexation of Ukraines Crimea in 2014, several possible scenarios have become apparent:Crimea annexation 2.0The Russian government has already recognized the breakaway statelets of the Donetsk and Luhansk Peoples Republics in eastern Ukraine.This week, the Russian military has made a grab for much bigger pieces of territory, pressing an offensive around Kharkiv, the biggest city in eastern Ukraine, and in the south, around the city of Kherson.If Russian forces are able to capture Ukraines port city of Odessa, its possible to imagine a land bridge extending all the way across southern Ukraine, potentially even linking Transnistria -- a separatist enclave in Moldova, where Russian troops are stationed -- to Odessa, Crimea and southern and eastern Ukraine.A partitioned UkrainePutin, in his of Ukrainians and Russians as one people, has noted that the western edge of modern-day Ukraine was incorporated into the Soviet Union by the late dictator Joseph Stalin. Parts of this region previously belonged to interwar Poland, Czechoslovakia and Romania, and, before that, the Austro-Hungarian empire. If Putin has partition in mind, Galician Ukraine and the city of Lviv -- close to the Polish border -- could potentially be a part of a sort of rump Ukrainian state, while Russia focuses its attentions on the east of the country.A division along these lines could make Ukraine look like Germany in the Cold War era, with western Ukraine more dependent on Europe, and the Eastern part sucked into the Russian spheres of influence, which include Belarus, Russian historian and author Alexander Etkind told CNN. That kind of redrawing of borders may be an expansionist fantasy, but it could separate out what Moscow -- justifiably or not -- perceives as a more nationalist part of Ukraine.Putin would love for every politically active and independent minded (Ukrainian) to leave his part of Ukraine, Etkind added. Carving up the country was hinted at by Putin in his Wednesday morning broadcast. Let me remind you that the people living in territories which are part of todays Ukraine were not asked how they want to build their lives when the USSR was created or after World War II, he said, indicating a Crimea-style referendum.Freedom guides our policy, the freedom to choose independently our future and the future of our children. We believe that all the peoples living in todays Ukraine, anyone who want to do this, must be able to enjoy this right to make a free choice, Putin said. A pro-Russian stateWestern intelligence officials Russia is planning to topple Ukraines democratically elected government, replacing it with a puppet regime. Putin has suggested he sees the current democratically elected government in Ukraine as illegitimate, and lamented the ousting of pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych in 2014. Ukraine does have other politicians who might be eager to fill the ranks of a pro-Russian government, installed possibly by force.One of Putins top allies in Ukraine is , a prominent politician and oligarch. He faces allegations of treason in Ukraine and has been under house arrest. A somber Zelensky vowed to stay on in Kyiv on Thursday, saying Russian sabotage groups had already entered the capital and have marked him as target number one, my family -- as target number two, he said in a video statement. They want to destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state.An uneasy occupationRussia says it doesnt want to be an occupier, but its easy to imagine a scenario where Russia tries to impose its form of heavy-handed rule on Ukraine. That would be hard pill for Ukrainians to swallow: they live in a country with a free press, freewheeling local politics and a tradition of street protest. Many Ukrainians view the Russian political system -- where genuine opposition protests are largely banned, or very difficult to organize -- with great foreboding.A violent occupationPutin has had no problem backing violent local strongmen with scant regard for human rights. Russias air force backed President Bashar al-Assad in the Syrian civil war, providing overwhelming firepower to crush the countrys armed opposition groups and flattening entire neighborhoods in the process.Putins own political rise began with the pacification of Chechnya, a breakaway republic in Russias north Caucasus.Russias campaign there culminated with the installation of Ramzan Kadyrov, a local warlord and former rebel of running the Caucasus republic like his personal fiefdom. LGBTQ people and political opponents are hounded and persecuted -- with some alleged to have been abducted, tortured or disappeared. A republic of fearRussia has a fearsome domestic security apparatus that jails and persecutes dissidents and keeps potentially troublesome opponents out of politics. Ukrainians living in Crimea -- which was occupied by Russia in 2014 and annexed after a referendum widely seen as a sham -- experienced first-hand what its like to live in a state where the FSB, Russias state security service, is all-powerful.Filmaker Oleg Sentsov, one of former prisoners of conscience, was brought up on what have been described by rights groups as ludicrous charges, including terrorism, arms trafficking and organization of a terror group. He was arrested in Crimea in 2014 after peacefully opposing the Russian occupation. He received a 20-year Russian prison sentence in 2015, in a 2019 prisoner exchange with Ukraine and has since spoken extensively about his torture in the custody of Russian authorities.Like Senstov, Ukraine now faces the strong arm of Russia for daring to oppose Putins revanchist vision. The countrys ability to choose its own future now rests on its fighters, who battle Russian forces alone. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000088_A000012	www.marketwatch.com	https://www.marketwatch.com/story/u-s-stock-futures-fall-amid-ukraine-invasion-jitters-despite-late-rally-on-wall-street-11645752694	USA	U.S. stock benchmarks, led by the Dow Jones Industrial Average, ended sharply higher Friday, as investors who were cautious about buying at the onset of the military clash in Eastern Europe turned eager to hunt down bargains. The upbeat tone on the markets was tied, at least in part, to reports that Russia was in favor of talks with Ukrainian leadership. However, Moscow’s military force was on display as it How did stock indexes perform? The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged 834.92 points, or 2.5%, to close at 34,058.75, with the blue-chip gauge notching its best daily gain since early November 2020. The S&P 500 rose 95.95 points, or 2.2%, to end at 4,384.65. The Nasdaq Composite Index added 221.04 points, or 1.6%, to finish at 13,694.62. For the week, the Dow dipped by less than 0.1% while the S&P 500 rose 0.8% and Nasdaq Composite climbed 1.1%. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq benchmarks wiped out losses from earlier in the week. For more: , the Dow , closing up 92.07 points, or 0.3%, at 33,223.83, after falling as far as 2.6% in morning trading. The S&P 500 climbed 1.5%, while the Nasdaq Composite rose 3.3%, also erasing a huge tumble.What drove the market? Stocks gained altitude on the back of indicating that Russia was ready to conduct negotiations with Ukraine, citing a summary of a call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese leader Xi Jinping provided by China’s Foreign Ministry. However, the reports came as Russian forces were closing in on, which had been under fire earlier Friday. Friday afternoon, the that the U.S. will join the European Union in directly sanctioning Russian President Vladimir Putin, along with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and members of the Russian national security team, over the invasion of Ukraine. Talk of new more direct penalties for Moscow comes after President Joe Biden on Thursday announced, in an attempt to isolate Moscow from the global economy. So far, however, the White House and its allies have spared Russia’s oil exports and avoided blocking access to the SWIFT global payment network. “The latest Western sanctions on Russia will hit its economy hard through tighter financial conditions and reduced trade, and might plausibly hit GDP by 1-2%-pts,” William Jackson, chief emerging markets economist at Capital Economics, wrote in note. “But sanctions stopped short of the more damaging scenario — both for Russia and Europe — in which Russia’s energy exports are targeted. For most countries, the main economic impact of the crisis will come through higher commodity prices and the impact on inflation.” See: Investors might be hoping that the Ukrainian crisis could slow moves by central banks to raise interest rates to combat inflation, said Ipek Ozkardeskaya of Swissquote Bank SA, in a note. But “the only certainty is uncertainty, and this is how it will be for the next couple of sessions unfortunately,” he said. Crude-oil prices came off Thursday’s highs during intraday trading for the first time since 2014. Need to Know: Larry Adam, chief investment officer at Raymond James, said by phone Friday that he’ll be watching for signs of potentially higher commodity prices stemming from Russia’s attack on Ukraine. For example, consumer spending could be hurt should gas prices in the U.S. rise to an aggregate average of more than $4 a gallon, he said. But the U.S. economy “remains strong,” he said. “Consumer spending remains resilient.” U.S. economic data released Friday showed Americans by 2.1% in January, exceeding expectations. Spending in December for the first time in 10 months amid fears surrounding the omicron variant of the coronavirus. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve’s favoriterose by 0.6% in January and showed the biggest yearly increase since 1982, underscoring why the central bank is poised to raise interest rates for the first time in four years. In other economic data, rose 1.6% in January, aid Friday. Economists had forecast a 0.8% rise in orders for durable goods — products made to last at least three years. Business spending is “very strong,” said Adam. A final reading of U.S. consumer sentiment for February from the University of Michigan rose slightly to 62.8. The index registered 61.7 earlier in the month after a preliminary survey, marking the lowest level in more than 10 years. Also, U.S. fell a sharp 5.7% in January, Economists polled by The Wall Street Journal expected pending home sales to rise 1%.Which companies were in focus? Shares of Tesla Inc. after Daiwa Capital analyst Jairam Nathan said it is finally time to start buying again, as supply chain concerns and rising oil prices weigh on legacy auto makers. Tesla’s stock closed 1.1% higher. Johnson & Johnson and three major distributors over their role in the opioid addiction crisis Friday. The drugmaker’s stock rose almost 5%. How did other assets fare? The 10-year benchmark Treasury note yield rose more than 1 basis point Friday to 1.984%. For the week, yields rose 5.4 basis points based on 3 p.m. Eastern Times levels, according to Dow Jones Market Data. Treasury yields and prices move in opposite directions. The U.S. dollar was down 0.6%, as gauged by the ICE U.S. Dollar Index . West Texas Intermediate crude fell 1.3% Friday to $91.59 a barrel. For the week, the U.S. benchmark for crude climbed 1.5%. Gold fell 2% to $1,887.60 an ounce on Friday for a weekly loss of 0.6%. The Stoxx Europe 600 closed 3.3% higher, but put in a 1.6% weekly decline, while London’s FTSE 100 surged 3.9%, bringing its weekly loss to 0.3%. In Asia, the Hang Seng in Hong Kong declined 0.6% Friday to finish 6.4% lower for the week. China’s Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.6% on the day but notched a 1.1% weekly decline. Japan’s Nikkei 225 Index rose nearly 2% on Friday but dropped 2.4% for the week. —Clive McKeef contributed to this article. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000088_A000030	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/spacex-50-starlink-satellites-launch-february-2022	USA	launched 50 Starlink internet satellites and landed the returning rocket on a ship at sea today (Feb. 25).A two-stage rocket topped with 50 internet spacecraft lifted off from Vandenberg Space Force Base in California today at 12:12 p.m. EST (1712 GMT; 9:12 a.m. local California time). A little less than nine minutes later, the Falcon 9s first stage came back down to Earth for a vertical touchdown on Of Course I Still Love You, a SpaceX droneship that was stationed several hundred miles off the California coast. The second stage, meanwhile, continued carrying the 50 satellites to orbit. The spacecraft deployed as planned about an hour after liftoff, .Related:A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying 50 Starlink internet satellites launches from Californias Vandenberg Space Force Base on Feb. 25, 2022. (Image credit: SpaceX)It was the fourth launch and landing for this particular booster. The first stage also helped launch the Sentinel-6 Michael Freilich Earth-observation satellite for NASA and the European Organization for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites in November 2020, as well as 60 Starlink satellites in May 2021 and NASAs Double Asteroid Redirection Test spacecraft in November 2021, SpaceX representatives said. Such reuse is a priority for SpaceX and its founder and CEO, . Musk aims to help humanity colonize Mars, and the billionaire entrepreneur believes that fully and rapidly reusable rockets are the key breakthrough needed to make that happen.Todays launch was the third Starlink mission of February for SpaceX, after a 49-satellite launch on Feb. 3 and a 46-satellite liftoff on Monday (Feb. 21). The Feb. 21 mission marked the during an orbital flight.The Feb. 3 mission was also notable, but for a very different reason. Shortly after liftoff, a solar eruption triggered a geomagnetic storm on Earth, which increased the density of our atmosphere enough to via drag. SpaceX has said that it will launch Starlink spacecraft to slightly higher initial altitudes in the future to protect against such storms.SpaceX has launched more than 2,000 Starlink satellites to date, and many more are slated to go up. The company has permission to loft 12,000 of the broadband spacecraft, and it has applied for approval to launch up to 30,000 more.Editors note: This story was updated at 12:30 p.m. EST with news of the successful launch and rocket landing, then again at 1:20 p.m. EST with news of satellite deployment.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220225_160119_uga_C000089_A000020	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/22949383/google-chrome-update-how-to-mac-pc	UGA	Okay, let’s start with the obvious: it’s important to keep a browser — any browser — up to date so that it can stay ahead of any malware or other nasties that are out there. It also helps you keep up with new features and interface improvements. If you’re a Chrome user, it’s likely that your browser will automatically update itself to the latest available version when it’s restarted. However, if you (like me) have a tendency to keep your browser open for long periods of time, it’s possible that it will not update. In that case, you can do it manually. How will you know whether your browser needs updating? Because when you look at the three dots in the upper right corner (which Google calls “More”), you won’t just see those three dots — you’ll see the word “Update” against a green, yellow, or red background. According to Google, green means there was an update less than two days ago, yellow means an update was released about four days ago, and red means it’s been at least a week since the last update. If it’s time to update, Chrome will let you know in the upper right corner. If you see the “Update” word there — or if you simply want to see when your system was last updated — just follow these directions: Click on the three dots Go to “Help” > “About Google Chrome” You can find out if you need to update in “About Google Chrome” If your browser needs updating, there will be a button that says “Update Google Chrome.” (If no update is available, there won’t be any button.) It’s possible that an update has been downloaded, but your browser needs to be relaunched in order to enable it. If that’s the case, there will be a button that says “Relaunch.” If you need to relaunch in order to update Chrome, there will be a Relaunch button. If, for some reason or other, the update won’t work, or there are other problems, you may be asked to re-install Chrome. Here’s how you go about it: If you only use Chrome on one computer, it’s not a bad idea to backup your bookmarks first: From the three dots in the upper right corner, select “Bookmarks” > “Bookmark Manager.” Click on the three dots next to the search field, and select “Export bookmarks” Choose where you want the file to be saved, and click on “Save” Export your bookmarks before uninstalling Chrome, just in case. Okay, now you can uninstall your current version of Chrome (the process depends on what type of system and OS you’re working with; ). Once it’s uninstalled, download and install Chrome again. If you sign in with your usual account, you should get all your bookmarks, extensions, etc. back again — if you don’t, you can import your backup by going to those three dots and selecting “Bookmarks” > “Import Bookmarks...” and choosing “Bookmarks HTML File.” 
20220225_160119_ken_C000098_A000005	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/sports/2022-02-25-leonas-missing-as-khu-league-back-on/	KEN	Womens hockey Premier League side Orange Leonas will miss this seasons competition, according to Kenya Hockey Union deputy fixtures secretary Moses Majiwa.The KHU league tips off on March 5 with the first leg set to end in July. The league season ends in November.The mens top-tier league remains unchanged with 10 teams expected to fight for the prestigious gong.They include Butali, Wazalendo, Kenya Police, Greensharks, Western Jaguars, USIU-A Masshujaa, Sailors, Strathmore, Parkroad Badgers, and Mombasa Sports Club.The womens cadre will feature seven teams following the withdrawal of Leonas. Seasoned champions Blazers, USIU-A Spartans, Strathmore Scorpions, Lakers, Amira, Sliders, and Wolverines will be in the race for the title.Leonas coach and founder, Tom Olal, said he does not have enough players for the season but will bounce back stronger in 2023.The Covid-19 enforced break really hit us hard. Most of our players are students and education is a priority to them. We need to reorganize and reconstitute to be ready for next season because theres no way for us now, Olal said.He added: We dont want to hold onto the players and slow down their development. If those available can find clubs to play for the season, it will help them.Ironically, most of the players and teams are composed of students. Majiwa on his part termed Leonas absence as an unfortunate situation. He, however, challenged stakeholders to establish clubs that can be sustained in the longer term.It is quite unfortunate that a team as young as Leonas wont be part of the competition in their second season in the top tier. We need people to establish clubs that can last for a longer period, Majiwa said.Majiwa added that the level of competition wont drop despite the setback. The womens league will even be harder with few teams. If you drop points it will be tough to recover. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000098_A000008	www.standardmedia.co.ke	https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/politics/article/2001438623/odm-jubilee-joint-ndc-postponed-to-march	KEN	ODM leader Raila Odinga acknowledges greetings during the partys National Governing Convention (NGC) meeting at the Bomas of Kenya on February 25, 2022. [Twitter/ODM] The eagerly anticipated ODM-Jubilee rally that was scheduled for this Sunday has been postponed to March. Making the announcement on Friday, ODM Director of Elections Junet Mohamed said the two parties will formally launch the Azimio la Umoja Coalition in two weeks’ time. Junet spoke during the party’s National Governing Convention (NGC) meeting at the Bomas of Kenya where ODM’s top organ ratified the partys nomination rules. VIDEO The party’s National Executive Committee on Thursday approved a decision to formally join the Azimio la Umoja Coalition. It also endorsed Raila Odinga as its preferred presidential candidate in the August 9 General Election. Delegates at the National Governing Convention (NGC) meeting at the Bomas of Kenya on February 25, 2022. [Duncan Khaemba, Standard] ODM and Jubilee were expected to hold a joint rally on Sunday after holding their respective NDCs where Raila was to be unveiled as the presidential flag bearer under the Azimio la Umoja coalition. “Over 10 parties who have already subscribed to the Azimio Coalition will be invited to the grand launch. ODM and Jubilee will become anchors and founding members of the Jubilee Coalition movement,” Junet added. The Orange partys meeting with the Jubilee NGC which took place at the Kenyatta International Convention Centre (KICC) in Nairobi. Delegates at the NGC reviewed the party’s policies and ratified proposed changes to the party’s Constitution. President on Wednesday threw his weight behind Raila under the Azimio la Umoja Coalition for the presidency in the August polls while at the same time castigating his deputy William Ruto saying he was politically immature, and not ready to succeed him. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000098_A000010	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/2022-02-25-1-700-vehicles-impounded-in-ongoing-crackdown-oguna/	KEN	“The country is losing a lot and as a government, we can’t allow that to continue,” Oguna said.Oguna said 9, 000 people had perished from road accidents within the last two years.“In the year 2020, we lost 3, 975 people while the figure increased to 4, 579 in 2021 totalling to 9, 000 deaths,” Oguna said.He said 30, 000 injuries were recorded in the last two years making the total number of injuries and fatalities to 40, 000 or thereabout.“40, 000 is a whole town in some developed countries. These people had people who depended on them since as Africans we have lots of dependents,” Oguna added.The government spokesman said over 300, 000 Kenyans have suffered after losing their breadwinners either after they died or amputated due to road accident-related injuries across the country.“Between January 2021 and February 25, 202, we lost 612 people to road accidents. From January 2022 to – the date we have lost 706 already. It means that the figure might rise 5, 000 deaths by end of the year, we must take action to reduce deaths resulting from carnages,” Oguna said.He said Kenyans must be disciplined and follow traffic rules and regulations stating that most of the accidents were caused by blatant disobedience of traffic regulations.“If you are found flouting traffic laws, your vehicle will be impounded, you will be taken to court and fined,” Oguna said.Oguna said 75 – 90 per cent of the accidents were caused by human error hence called for discipline among motorists alongside other road users.“Our roads are common user facilities, we must have discipline and respect ourselves on the road without risking other users’ lives. It’s sad to see some pedestrians crossroads while using their phones while others have earphones on their ears leading to fatal accidents,” Oguna said.Wambugu said they were sensitizing road users on the importance of using roads safely.“Kenyans are fond of flouting traffic rules. There has been ongoing road construction along the Mombasa highway from Kyumbi junction to the Airport area in Nairobi. Motorists, bodaboda riders and pedestrians should respect other road users so that they all return home safely,” Wambugu said.Njagi said 235 motor vehicles had been impounded in Athi River Sub County in the last three days. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000098_A000023	djmag.com	https://djmag.com/news/avicii-experience-exhibition-officially-opens-stockholm-weekend	KEN	The Avicii Experience exhibition is set to open its doors this weekend. Located at Space Stockholm, the immersive and interactive journey through the life and work of the late DJ and producer, real name Tim Bergling, will chronicle his career, from early beginnings as a bedroom music maker, to EDM superstar. Among the exhibits at the exhibition, which will open its doors tomorrow, 26th February, are a recreation of Aviciis childhood bedroom, featuring his own personal items, as well as a space featuring equipment from his Los Angeles studio, including his beloved grand piano. An important part of designing the Avicii Experience was the focus on the actual experience, a press released reads. Visitors are encouraged to explore and interact with Tims music through custom-built applications. as a visitor you can make your own mix of Levels and play around with different sounds and effects. A percentage of proceeds will go to the Tim Bergling Foundation, established in the wake of the eponymous artists death in 2018, with a goal of increasing awareness around mental health and suicide in young people. “Tim would have been incredibly proud to be represented like this. The mix of a new digital take in combination with a classic museum would have appealed to him,” said Klas Bergling, Tims father and founder of the Tim Bergling Foundation. In late 2021, Bergling spoke about the need for . Tickets for The Avicii Experience exhibition are available . Last month, it was announced that the Avicii INVECTOR video game . 
20220225_160119_ind_C000182_A000004	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/explained/why-did-russia-capture-chernobyl-power-plant-7791238/	IND	The attack was by no means unanticipated. On Thursday, warned that Russian occupation forces were trying to wrest control of the plant. The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry warned of another nuclear disaster if Russia continues its invasion. “In 1986, the world saw the biggest technological disaster in Chernobyl,” ’s foreign ministry tweeted, referring to the Chernobyl disaster that led to the death of thousands of people. “If Russia continues the war, Chernobyl can happen again in 2022.” So, why did Russia seize the plant, which has largely been devoid of human life for over three decades and still contains radioactive debris? Is there a reason to panic? We explain. Located around 16 km away from the city of Chernobyl and a little over 100 km away from Ukraine’s capital city of Kyiv, the power plant witnessed the world’s worst nuclear disaster in 1986.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium The disaster occurred between April 25-26, when a group of technicians in what was then Soviet-controlled Ukraine carried out a botched safety test that led to a series of explosions at Chernobyl’s reactor No. 4 and a partial meltdown of its core. The explosions exposed the core and released clouds of radioactive material into the atmosphere. VIDEO According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, the initial explosion resulted in the death of two workers, while 28 firemen and emergency clean-up workers died within three months of the explosion from Acute Radiation Sickness and one from cardiac arrest. In 2005, the UN predicted that around 4,000 people may eventually die due to radiation exposure, BBC reported. The radiation also affected neighbouring Belarus as well as parts of Russia and Europe. To put the scale of the tragedy into perspective — it is said to have released 400 times more radiation than the atomic bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima in Japan. Initially, Soviet officials tried to cover up the disaster. It was only after Swedish officials raised alarms over a sharp increase in radiation levels coming from the Soviet Union, that the Kremlin admitted that the accident occurred. In fact, the catastrophe is considered one of the key factors that led to the collapse of the Soviet Union a few years later. Since the accident, Chernobyl’s “exclusion zone”— which covers a 32-km radius around the site — has remained largely uninhabited, while the plant’s remaining three reactors were all shut down by 2000. Radiation levels remain higher than normal. A sarcophagus built to cover the reactor after the accident has since deteriorated, resulting in radiation leaks. A New Safe Confinement (NSC) structure over the old sarcophagus covering the damaged fourth reactor at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant is seen behind the abandoned town of Pripyat, Ukraine. (Reuters) Why did Russia capture Chernobyl? Russia’s attack on Chernobyl was not out of the blue. Since the shortest route from the Russian border to Kyiv passes through Chernobyl, Ukraine had deployed security forces to guard the area months ago, New York Times reported. As expected, hours after Russian President Vladimir Putin first announced the invasion, Russian special forces attacked the plant. Russian troops were said to have entered the exclusion zone on Thursday, before crossing the border into Ukraine. Ukrainian presidential advisor Mykhaila Podolyak said that the power plant was seized after a “fierce battle”. In a post, another Ukrainian official alleged that several staff members were being held hostage. According to military analysts, seizing Chernobyl was a strategic decision that gave Russian troops quick and easy access to Kyiv from Belarus, which is an ally of Moscow. The ghost town in which the power plant is located is essentially placed on a direct highway to Kyiv. By capturing Chernobyl, Russia has secured a route into Ukraine for its ground forces. An operator’s arm-chair covered with plastic sits in an empty control room of the 3rd reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear plant, in Chernobyl. (AP) So, is there a reason to panic? Reactor 4 now sits under a steel and concrete structure called the New Safe Confinement, which was built to confine the remnants of the reactor and is said to be strong enough to withstand a tornado. Around 200 tonnes of radioactive fuel is believed to be inside the wreckage of the reactor. Hours after the attack, Ukraine’s nuclear agency said it was recording increased radiation levels around the shuttered power plant, Reuters reported. It said the change was likely due to the movement of heavy military equipment in the area lifting radioactive dust into the air. According to a report by the Times, soldiers are unlikely to face much harm from radioactive particles as long as they do not spend too much time in areas with high radiation levels. But a Ukrainian official warned that damage to the nuclear waste storage facility could lead to radioactive dust spreading across Ukraine, Belarus and parts of Europe, the Times reported. While the New Safe Confinement is likely to protect its contents against all natural disasters, a full-fledged war may throw some curveballs its way, such as explosions from bombs hurled at the structure. But experts say that both sides have little to gain by destroying the reactor. Newsletter | 
20220225_160119_ind_C000182_A000026	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/alia-bhatt-reacts-to-kangana-ranaut-s-attacks-against-her-and-gangubai-kathiawadi-i-have-no-feelings-of-negativity-101645804421521.html	IND	s latest release Gangubai Kathiawadi is earning rave reviews, with the actors performance being praised in particular. But amid all the appreciation, Alias colleague and fellow actor has been scathing in her criticism of the film and Alias casting in it, using terms like rom-com bimbo for her. In a recent interaction, Alia said that despite Kanganas disparaging remarks, she has no ‘feelings of negativity’ towards her. (Also read: )Speaking with RJ Stutee on Hindustan Times Aur Batao, Alia mentioned that her character in Gangubai Kathiawadi is so confident that she does not need validation from others. In response to this, she was asked that while she has been open about her admiration for Kangana Ranaut, does she feel bad that it doesnt get reciprocated. No, I genuinely have no feelings of negativity or anything. I have no feelings only towards it, Alia responded.Elaborating on her response, the actor added, I am also a person who spends a lot of time engaging with different energies, like in life also, meeting people and all and I always try and always focus, even with the people that I meet, even if I am having a hard day, I try to be light and positive. Because I think you have one life so fill it with as much lightness as possible. So even if there is any negative thing out there, whether its trolling or people saying things about me or whatever it is, it somehow doesnt even reach me. Like that. It just doesnt reach me. In , Alia Bhatt plays a character inspired by a real-life sex worker, who eventually became a prominent and celebrated figure in the Kamathipua red-light district of Mumbai. The Sanjay Leela Bhansali-directed film also stars Ajay Devgn, Vijay Raaz and Shantanu Maheshwari.Last weekend, Kangana slammed the movie and referred to Alia as daddys angel and rom-com bimbo. This Friday 200 crore will be burnt to ashes at the box office ... for a papa (movie mafia daddy) ki pari (who likes to keep a British passport) because papa wants to prove that rom-com bimbo can act... biggest drawback of the film is wrong casting,” she wrote on Instagram Stories.Earlier, Kangana had also criticised a video of a young girl imitating Alias lines from the film. Should this child imitate a sex worker with a beedi in her mouth and crude and obscene dialogues? Look at her body language, is it ok to sexualise her at this age? she wrote. (Also read: Alia responded to Kanganas criticism about the films casting with a quote from the Bhagavad Gita. Lord Krishna had said in the Gita that inaction is an action. Thats all I want to say, she was quoted as saying by PTI. About Kanganas criticism of the girls video, Alia told India.com, “I thought it was very cute. I am assuming that it’s not done without the supervision of an elder. If the elder is okay with it, then I don’t think we should have any issues with it as people.”Gangubai Kathiawadi released in theatres this Friday. The reviews for the film have been largely positive with critics praising the writing and Alias performance. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000184_A000003	www.washingtonpost.com	https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2022/02/25/santions-putin-lavrov-eu/	USA	Placeholder while article actions loadThe United States, the European Union and Britain announced sanctions on Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Friday, the first time the two men have been targeted personally by such measures.The decisions, which officials said were made in consultation with each other, marked a new phase of a sanctions effort and put Putin and Lavrov in company with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the late Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe.The 27-nation European Union said it planned to freeze E.U.-based assets of the two men. Britain and the United States didn’t immediately release details of their measures. Neither official is believed to control extensive — or any — property in his own name inside the European Union. E.U. policymakers said they would freeze other property that the men control indirectly.“Following a telephone conversation President Biden held with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and in alignment with the decision by our European allies, the United States will join them in sanctioning President Putin and Foreign Minister Lavrov and members of the Russian national security team,” White House press secretary Jen Psaki said at a news conference. “I expect we will have more specific details out later this afternoon.”It was not immediately clear which assets — and in which countries — the Biden administration plans on targeting. Psaki declined to address the specifics of Putin’s assets on Friday, telling reporters only that the move “sends a clear message about the strength of the opposition to the actions by President Putin and the direction in his leadership of the Russian military.”A travel ban will likely be part of the U.S. sanctions, Psaki added.She later announced that the U.S. government would impose “full blocking sanctions” on the Russian Direct Investment Fund, a sovereign wealth fund that for years has tried to foster the growth of Western-style businesses in technology and other cutting-edge sectors in Russia.Also on Friday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada plans to sanction Putin, Lavrov and several members of Putin’s inner circle.“These men bear the greatest responsibility for the death and destruction occurring in Ukraine,” Trudeau told reporters in Ottawa. “We’ve made it clear that all options are on the table when it comes to imposing steep costs on Russia’s unjustified and unprovoked invasion.”The E.U. decision was part of a larger round of sanctions to punish Russia for the . It likely won’t be the last step taken against the Kremlin during the conflict, policymakers said.Neither man will be barred from traveling to the European Union, a step that in some ways would have been more concrete but could also have complicated any diplomatic settlement to the escalating violence that Russia is inflicting on its neighbor.“Russia needs to see that it’s going to be isolated from the international community,” said E.U. foreign policy chief Josep Borrell, announcing the measures in Brussels on Friday.Friday’s measures join a fast-growing list of international condemnation of Russia’s actions in Ukraine, whose president, Volodymyr Zelensky, has declared that he believes the .Russia has also been excluded from the Eurovision song contest, its annual Formula 1 race has been canceled and the European Champions League has moved its soccer final from St. Petersburg.“It may look a small thing from the geopolitical point of view, but it will have a wide social resonance,” Borrell said.The European Union has typically held back from directly targeting national leaders, except under extraordinary circumstances.E.U. policymakers don’t think Putin and Lavrov have assets in their name within the European Union, but that they do control assets indirectly. Officials intend to go after those assets, a senior E.U. diplomat said, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss a sensitive intelligence issue.Borrell acknowledged that there is “a whole lot of work that needs to be done” to track down assets.The bloc also imposed measures that it said would cut off 70 percent of the banking sector from the international financial system and make it more expensive to borrow money internationally. The effect, Borrell said, will be to drive up inflation in Russia and erode its industrial base.The measures came after E.U. leaders met long into the hours of Friday morning to discuss how best to punish Russia for its actions. “The senseless suffering and loss of civilian life must stop,” tweeted European Council President Charles Michel.Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky vowed on Feb. 25 to stay in Kyiv as his troops battled Russian invaders advancing toward the capital. (Video: Reuters)“The package of massive and targeted sanctions European leaders approved tonight clearly demonstrates that it will have maximum impact on the Russian economy and the political elite,” European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said at a news conference after talks concluded early Friday.But the measures held back on one key issue that Russia hawks say would be especially painful for Russia’s economy — excluding the country’s financial institutions from the . That would make it difficult for Russian banks and businesses to make international transactions, though it could also risk a cut off of Russian gas to Europe if payments for the fuel were blocked.On Friday, European politicians lashed out at the holdouts. Former European Council President Donald Tusk said Friday that some member countries had “disgraced themselves” by not hitting Russia harder, naming Italy, Hungary and Germany in particular.In Britain, Prime Minister Boris Johnson also said that the United Kingdom will introduce sanctions against Putin and Lavrov “imminently,” although he didn’t give details on what form the sanctions will take.Johnson told NATO leaders on Friday afternoon that “a catastrophe was engulfing” Ukraine and that Putin was “engaging in a revanchist mission to overturn post-Cold War order,” according to a Downing Street spokeswoman. Johnson also urged leaders to remove Russia from the SWIFT international banking system to “inflict maximum pain” on Putin and his regime.Rauhala reported from Brussels. Quentin Aričs in Brussels and Karla Adam in London contributed to this report. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000188_A000005	www.nytimes.com	https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/25/science/chernobyl-nuclear-plant-ukraine.html	USA	The failed Chernobyl nuclear power plant in northern Ukraine as well as the nation’s 15 operating reactors are safe and secure amid Russia’s invasion, according to nuclear experts and the International Atomic Energy Agency, an arm of the United Nations that for the world’s nuclear reactors and inspects them for compliance.“The only real issue is if a nearby target got hit and caused some collateral damage,” said , a reactor expert at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a private group in Cambridge, Mass. “I don’t see this as an imminent radiological threat. I don’t think Russia would deliberately target a plant.”In 1986, the Chernobyl nuclear power plant that sent radioactive clouds over parts of Europe and locally left a wasteland of contaminated soil. All four Chernobyl reactors , and the plant’s work force closely monitors the safety of Chernobyl’s Unit 4 reactor, which in 1986 exploded and caught fire. An for hundreds of square miles surrounds the abandoned plant to limit public access and inhabitation.The sprawling plant — some 10 miles from Belarus, a Russian ally — is on one of . Western experts said it was in Moscow’s interest to keep Ukraine’s reactors and electrical system running smoothly if its aim was regime change rather than national ruin.“There’s some risk of a direct hit,” said , a professor of nuclear science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “But I imagine they’ll do everything possible to avoid that because they don’t want to deal with the fallout.”The bigger threat, Dr. Kemp said, is the degradation of Ukraine’s power grid, which could throw nuclear power plants offline and result in cascading blackouts.The said on Thursday on its official website that the Russian invasion and its military takeover of Chernobyl “may cause another ecological disaster.” If the war continues, the government added, a disaster like Chernobyl “can happen again in 2022.”But nuclear experts rang no strident alarms. Rafael Mariano Grossi, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, based in Vienna, that its Ukrainian counterpart reported that the nation’s 15 nuclear power plants were operating safely. As for the Chernobyl site, he added, the Ukrainian body reported “no casualties nor destruction.”On Friday, the agency reports of “higher radiation measurements at the Chernobyl site” and quoted Ukraine’s nuclear body as saying that the readings may have resulted from heavy military vehicles stirring up soil that the 1986 accident had poisoned.The stated readings, the agency added, “are low and remain within the operational range measured in the Exclusion Zone since it was established, and therefore do not pose any danger to the public.”Updated June 3, 2022, 7:57 a.m. ETAccording to the international atomic agency, Ukraine receives a bit more than from its reactors — an unusually high fraction.Two of Ukraine’s four operational nuclear sites are in its western region — far from Russia’s and presumably out of harm’s way. The other two are in the southern region, much closer to the ongoing military strikes.The — the largest of Ukraine’s atomic plants — houses six separate reactors. It sits on the Dnieper River roughly 100 miles north of Crimea. Russia annexed the peninsular part of southern Ukraine in 2014, and the breakaway region serves as a staging area for Russian troops as well as a main invasion route.Russia-Ukraine War: Key DevelopmentsCard 1 of 4On the ground. As the war in Ukraine approaches its 100th day, President Volodymyr Zelensky said that . Though battered and depleted from their failed drive to capture the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv, Russian troops are grinding closer to their goal of taking over the eastern regions of Luhansk and Donetsk.Russian oil embargo. European Union members finally reached an agreement on and new sanctions against Russia. The long-delayed deal , which had opposed the embargo, from the costly step the rest of the bloc is taking to punish Russia.Recently, the , an industry trade group based in London, Energoatom, the Ukrainian state-owned nuclear power firm, had detailed some of the rules meant to enhance the safety and security of its nuclear plants in wartime.The group said that early this month, as Russia built up its forces around Ukraine, , the acting president of Energoatom, described how a bombing would prompt a nuclear plant to shut down and said that its operators would unload its radioactive fuel “until the threat is eliminated.”If a plant lost its external supply of electrical power, Mr. Kotin added, backup generators would kick in to ensure uninterrupted reactor control. Ukraine’s nuclear power plants, he was quoted as saying, “are ready for such a mode of operation: The stock of diesel fuel located at nuclear power plants significantly exceeds the established standards.”Mr. Kotin added that Ukrainian power plants “are ready even for an aircraft crash” because the reactor vessels and the surrounding containment areas were designed to withstand such impacts., the World Nuclear Association reported that the security divisions of Ukraine’s plants “are on high alert.” 
20220225_160119_pak_C000215_A000018	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/japanese-shares-track-wall-street-higher-tech-shines-2022-02-25/	PAK	TOKYO, Feb 25 (Reuters) - Japanese shares snapped a five-session losing streak on Friday, with heavyweight technology stocks leading the charge, as the market tracked a sharp rebound on Wall Street overnight.The Nikkei share average ended 1.95% higher at 26,476.50, but lost 2.3% for the week. The broader Topix climbed 1% to 1,876,24, but posted a 2.5% weekly loss.U.S. stocks ended sharply higher overnight, led by a 3% gain in the Nasdaq, marking a dramatic market reversal as U.S. President Joe Biden unveiled harsh new sanctions against Moscow after Russia invaded Ukraine.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comJapanese market made a big reversal from sharp losses in a short period of time, Seiichi Suzuki, chief equity market analyst at Tokai Tokyo Research Institute said, adding that the rebound, however, seems to be a little too strong given declines in the Nasdaq futures.Chip-related stocks Tokyo Electron and Advantest led the Nikkeis gains, jumping 5.79% and 7.71%, respectively. Technology start-up investor SoftBank Group climbed 5.56% and medical platform services firm M3 rose 5.37%.Shionogi & Co gained 1.74% as the drugmaker has applied for approval to make and sell its oral COVID-19 treatment in Japan. The oil explorers sub-index fell 5.82% and was the worst performing sector among the 33 industry sub-indexes of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, with Inpex losing 6.02%.Banks and insurers fell 2.21% and 3.27% respectively, after U.S. Treasury yields fell overnight.There were 143 advancers on the Nikkei index against 78 decliners.The volume of shares traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchanges main board was 1.34 billion, compared to the average of 1.28 billion in the past 30 days.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Junko Fujita; editing by Uttaresh.V and Subhranshu SahuOur Standards: 
20220225_160119_eth_C000227_A000032	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/james-webb-space-telescope-cosmos-survey	ETH	Its been nearly 350 years since wrote, If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants, but the sentiment certainly holds true today.Newtons wisdom is exemplified by a grand project called the Cosmic Evolution Survey, or COSMOS. COSMOS builds on the legacy of the , but NASAs will continue the observations during its first year of operations in a program called COSMOS-Webb. Founded in 2002, COSMOS originally utilized Hubble to image an area of the sky equivalent to 10 moons wide. The program later grew to include working across multiple .COSMOS has become the survey that a lot of extragalactic scientists go to in order to conduct their analyses because the data products are so widely available, and because it covers such a wide area of the sky, Rochester Institute of Technologys Jeyhan Kartaltepe, assistant professor of physics and co-leader of the COSMOS-Webb program, . Related: Now, a second space-based observatory will join the endeavor. Over some 200 hours of observation time during its first year, Webb will image half a million early galaxies for the survey. It will use its Near-Infrared Camera (NIRCam) to map a subset of Hubbles COSMOS field about three full moons in size. Webb will also map a separate, smaller area with its Mid-Infrared Instrument (MIRI).COSMOS-Webb is the next installment of that, where were using Webb to extend our coverage in the near- and mid-infrared part of the spectrum, and therefore pushing out our horizon, how far away were able to see, Kartaltepe said.The goal of COSMOS-Webb is threefold: to examine the Epoch of Reionization and the very earliest stars; to search for early, fully evolved galaxies; and to study the evolution of the mysterious substance scientists call within galaxies stellar content. Because were covering such a large area, we can look at large-scale structures at the dawn of galaxy formation, Caitlin Casey, an assistant professor at the University of Texas at Austin and co-leader of the COSMOS-Webb program, said in the statement. We will also look for some of the rarest galaxies that existed early on, as well as map the large-scale dark matter distribution of galaxies out to very early times.Of course, Webb still needs to become fully operational before COSMOS-Webb can proceed. The telescope is currently adjusting its mirror and calibrating its instruments; NASA expects it to begin science observations this summer.Follow Stefanie Waldek on Twitter @. Follow us on Twitter @ and on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220225_160119_idn_C000234_A000008	www.bangkokpost.com	https://www.bangkokpost.com/world/2270059/indonesia-to-make-mrna-covid-19-shots-as-southeast-asias-vaccine-hub	IDN	A healthcare worker inoculates a woman with a dose of the Pfizer vaccine against the coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) during a mass vaccination program at a shopping mall in Jakarta, Indonesia, on Aug 31, 2021. (Photo: Reuters) Indonesia could start making its own messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) vaccines after the World Health Organization (WHO) picked it to receive a technology transfer to become Southeast Asias Covid-19 vaccine hub.State company PT Bio Farma will start producing mRNA doses, according to a statement from the State-Owned Enterprises Ministry, which did not name the brand. The company is one of the largest vaccine manufacturers in the region, with the capacity to produce 3.2 billion doses a year. It is the kind of solution that developing countries need, a solution that empowers, a solution that strengthens our self-reliance, a solution that allows us to contribute to global health resilience, Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said on Twitter. Indonesia has sought global support for years to make its own Covid-19 vaccines to inoculate its population, the fourth largest in the world, and ship to neighbouring countries. A lack of supply has led it to give out half-doses for its booster program to ensure it has enough for all 270 million of its people. WHO is planning to set up tech transfer hubs across developing countries to help them produce mRNA vaccines. In South Africa, scientists backed by the organisation made a Covid-19 vaccine candidate that matches the one by Moderna Inc. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000263_A000027	www.foxnews.com	https://www.foxnews.com/sports/daughter-russian-oligarch-chelsea-putin-instagram	ISR	Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out whats clicking on Foxnews.com.NEWYou can now listen to Fox News articles! Will Vladimir Putin have his crazed Chechen henchmen hunt down the daughter of a Russian oligarch, who owns for what she posted on Instagram Story Friday?Sophia Abramovich, the daughter of billionaire Roman Abramovich, who is said to have a net worth north of $13 billion, posted an anti-Putin message Friday morning on Instagram saying Putin wants a war with Ukraine.The biggest and most successful lie of Kremlin’s propaganda is that most Russians stand with Putin, the message continues. Chelsea FC owner, Roman Abramovich celebrates winning the Champions League following the UEFA Champions League Final between Manchester City and Chelsea FC at Estadio do Dragao on May 29, 2021 in Porto, Portugal. (Photo by Alex Caparros - UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images)It’s a bold message for Sophia, 27, to post considering her father was named this week by British Parliament as being one of 35 oligarchs who is aiding Putin’s kleptocracy. Her father bought Chelsea F.C. in 2003 for $233 million and has since been effectively barred from living in Britain because of his Putin ties.It’s an odd twist for Sofia to possibly be biting the hand that feeds into a lavish lifestyle that includes horses, private jets for exotic vacations, including one six days ago to Gouverneur, Saint Barthélemy, fancy estates and a life that a special few get to live.The British say her father has built up his fortune in illicit fashion. Roman Abramovich, owner of Chelsea waves towards the fans after the UEFA Champions League Final between Manchester City and Chelsea FC at Estadio do Dragao on May 29, 2021 in Porto, Portugal. (Photo by Alex Livesey - Danehouse/Getty Images)I’ve got hold of a leaked document from 2019, from the Home Office, which says in relation to Mr. Abramovich: ‘As part of HMG’s [Her Majesty’s government] Russia strategy aimed at targeting illicit finance and malign activity, Abramovich remains of interest to HMG due to his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices,’ Chris Bryant, a membeof parliament said this week.And now we have Sofia running her social media mouth against Putin, a guy who is ordering rockets to be fired in 500 different directions at Ukrainian troops and targets.Talk about playing with fire here. Roman Abramovich, Owner of Chelsea celebrates with The FIFA Club World Cup trophy following their sides victory during the FIFA Club World Cup UAE 2021 Final match between Chelsea and Palmeiras at Mohammed Bin Zayed Stadium on February 12, 2022 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. (Photo by Michael Regan - FIFA/FIFA via Getty Images)Would Putin order a hit on an oligarch’s daughter for busting his balls? Would Putin’s henchmen place a napkin over Sofia’s mouth and off her over a meme? It sounds far-fetched until you think back to 2016 when the New York Times wrote about Putin’s murdering prowess.Other countries, notably Israel and the United States, pursue targeted killings, but in a strict counterterrorism context. No other major power employs murder as systematically and ruthlessly as Russia does against those seen as betraying its interests abroad. Killings outside Russia were even given legal sanction by the nation’s Parliament in 2006, Just sayin’, Sophia. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000263_A000035	medicalxpress.com	https://medicalxpress.com/news/2022-02-fourth-dose-covid-vaccine-people.html	ISR	by Bob Yirka, Science X Network, Medical Xpress Credit: Pixabay/CC0 Public Domain A team of researchers working at Israels Sheba Medical Center has found evidence that suggests a fourth COVID vaccination or second booster shot may not be necessary for most people because it does not add significant protection. In their paper posted on the medRxiv preprint server, the team describes comparing people who were given a second booster shot with people who were not. As the has progressed, have worked hard to develop vaccines to keep people from getting sick and therapies to help those afflicted. As a result, vaccines were developed by several companies that proved to prevent serious infections. Booster shots of the same vaccines were then found to provide protection again months later as to the vaccines waned. Since that time, many people have wondered if they will need another booster shot as protection from the first booster starts to wane. In this new effort, the researchers sought to find the answer. It was not a coincidence that the researchers were working in Israel—it is one of the few countries that has not waited to find out if a fourth shot is needed. Officials there have begun making second boosters available to those who want them. To determine the efficacy of second booster shots, the researchers recruited 1,000 who were fully vaccinated and who had received a booster shot. Two-hundred seventy-four received a second booster; the rest served as a control group. The researchers then measured antibody levels for all of the subjects. They found that while the second booster did increase protection slightly, it was not by enough to justify its use—at least at this time. They also found that the second booster did not activate T cells. They suggest their results should not frighten people, however; they believe that most people are still adequately protected from their first three shots. Still, they do suggest that and those at risk for other reasons get a second booster if they can. Though such people were not included in the study, the researchers assume that any increase in protection for people more at risk is reason to get the shot. More information: Gili Regev-Yochay et al, 4th Dose COVID mRNA Vaccines Immunogenicity & Efficacy Against Omicron VOC (2022). Provided by Science X Network © 2022 Science X Network Citation: Fourth dose of COVID vaccine may not be needed for most people… yet (2022, February 25) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://medicalxpress.com/news/2022-02-fourth-dose-covid-vaccine-people.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220225_160119_can_C000282_A000017	nationalpost.com	https://nationalpost.com/news/canadians-can-expect-higher-gas-prices-from-ukraine-war-to-kick-in-on-saturday	CAN	Breadcrumb Trail Links The high demand for oil combined with a shortage of supply has been pushing oil prices, and consequently, gas prices up for weeks Publishing date: Feb 25, 2022 • February 25, 2022 • 2 minute read • Photo by VERONICA HENRI/TORONTO SUN/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Article content Canadians can expect to pay more at the pump as Russia’s attack on Ukraine puts even greater pressure on an already surging oil price environment. Article content Roger McKnight, chief petroleum analyst at En-Pro International Inc. expects gas prices across the country to rise approximately five cents per litre this weekend. “If you are only filling up once a week or that sort of thing, get anything in your tank that you can before Saturday,” McKnight said on Thursday. “But if you’re a daily filler, there’s really not much you can do.” The high demand for oil combined with a shortage of supply has been pushing oil prices, and consequently, gas prices up for weeks. The benchmark West Texas Intermediate price sat at US$92 per barrel Thursday afternoon after briefly trading above US$100 per barrel earlier in the day. Brent crude fell to US$99 a barrel, after topping US$105 a barrel for the first time since 2014 on Thursday morning. Article content Even if U.S. President Joe Biden attempts to intervene to calm the pressure on oil prices, the situation could still worsen, according to McKnight. “OPEC+ is really Saudi Arabia and Russia together and if President Biden puts pressure on Saudi Arabia to get more crude into the system to lower prices, that’s just going to upset Russia even further and they may even shut down supply completely,” McKnight said. Get anything in your tank that you can before Saturday The ability for OPEC+ to respond in any meaningful way is limited anyway because of the oil cartel’s struggle to keep up with its committed production increases, Rory Johnston, founder of energy price newsletter Commodity Context, pointed out. There is still much uncertainty around how tensions between Russia and Ukraine will play out and if there will ultimately be a loss of oil supply. If the crisis in Eastern Europe does worsen, Johnston said the current deficit in the oil market could double, sending prices through the roof. Article content “I think you could absolutely see prices add $20, $30, $40 dollars a barrel,” he said. Meanwhile, Canada on Thursday announced more sanctions on Russia, including the halting of all export permits, as well as financial penalties targeting banks, lawmakers and elites, despite Russia promising to retaliate against those who interfere with its operations in Ukraine. 
20220225_160119_zwe_C000285_A000024	iharare.com	https://iharare.com/andile-mpisane-on-times-square-billboard-mzansi-reacts/	ZWE	Andile Mpisane on Times Square Billboard | Mzansi Reacts Andile Mpisane on Times Square Billboard Andile Mpisane’s star keeps on shining, and he has gotten the Mzansi Twitter streets talking after he was featured on a billboard at Times Square in New York, in the United States of America. The musician, who is also the chairman of Royal AM, is currently in the US after getting there on 19 February. He also performed at the Legendz of the Streetz rap tour where he opened for the likes of Rick Ross, 2Chainz and Nelly. In the United States, Andile got these snaps with the American superstars. The wealthy musician was splashed on a billboard at the world famous Times Square, inscribed, “Performing Live: Andile Mpisane – Legends of the Streetz Tour 2022”. Check out the video of him at Times Square, which he shared on his Instagram account. Andile Mpisane’s mom, Shawn Mkize could not be prouder of her son. She shared theimage on her Insta. Clips of his weekend performance in the United States have been circulating, and South Africans were not impressed. Most people considered his performance lukewarm, as the crowd did not seem to be vibing with him Here are some of the reactions from South Africans on Twitter, following his Times Square feature. As Andile Mpisane has proven, money indeed can buy you anything. Who knows what next he has in store for us. You may also want to read: 
20220225_160119_gbr_C000291_A000030	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/football/2022/feb/25/antonio-conte-vows-to-continue-telling-home-truths-at-tottenham	GBR	Antonio Conte has promised to continue delivering home truths at Tottenham, no matter how brutal, as he suggested after Wednesday’s was merely a sign of how much he cares. The manager offered another one on Friday when he admitted the club was in a much worse state than he had imagined when he joined last November.“Maybe in my heart, in my mind and my head I thought to find a situation not better but more ready to fight and to win,” Conte said, as he prepared for Saturday’s Premier League game at Leeds. “Instead I found a situation where we have to work a lot, much more than was my expectation to do.“But I am not scared about the work. Only through work have I reached an important level in my career. When I arrived here, I did not ask anything. But at the same time, I know that if I arrive here, they know they are taking an important coach, not a medium coach.”Conte was overcome by rage after Burnley, which was a fourth league defeat in five matches, with resignation about the club’s situation prominent among his emotions. He said that he could not go on like his, adding “maybe I’m not the right guy”, sparking fears he might quit.The Italian eased them as he looked ahead to Leeds but there was no rowing back on his combative style, nor will there be. Conte, who has regularly shone a harsh light on the squad’s shortcomings, was asked whether his outbursts risked destabilising the players and club. The gist of his answer was that if they did, the players were no good to him anyway.“If you tell the truth, you destabilise?” Conte said. “In my opinion and in my education … my family said to me: ‘With the truth, you grow. With a lie you destabilise people.’ If I destabilise someone, [he is] not good man, [it is] not a good club. I want a strong club, strong men, strong players. The truth is the only way that I know to grow.”Antonio Conte at Turf Moor. Photograph: Matt West/Rex/ShutterstockConte said his problem was that he is a “perfectionist” and so when results slip his reaction will always be the same. He can only be himself.“When you lose a game, I’m not the person to have dinner with,” he said. “My mood is very bad. I prefer to stay alone … to live the defeat, metabolise the defeat. For sure, I need one day to recover – at least. There are many coaches that don’t suffer. Sometimes I envy them.“When I lose, if you expect me to come to a press conference and laugh … I am not this person. I am sorry if I show my disappointment because maybe it would be good to keep this inside and not show my emotion. But it is difficult for me to lie or hide the truth. I am a person who hates to lose and maybe in this club not many are used to having this type of person.“I’m enjoying my time in Tottenham and especially when I show disappointment after a defeat, it means I feel commitment for the club. Others can think: ‘We win, tomorrow we lose, one day [we] have to go’ … and he doesn’t care. No. I want to leave something important for this club.”Conte said he had spoken to the chairman, Daniel Levy, after the Burnley game and that they understood each other. Asked whether he could guarantee he would stay until the end of the season, Conte said: “In this moment, I guarantee the best commitment I can give to the club. I have another season of contract but you know very well that football is strange. You can have three, four years of contract and the club can sack you. Sometimes, someone decides to go away.The Fiver: sign up and get our daily football email.“You know that football changes quickly. But in this moment, I repeat, I am totally committed to Tottenham and I have a good relationship with the club, especially with Daniel. He knows very well what are my thoughts for the present and what is my vision. Everything. It is best to have a direct way with the owner. It is OK.” 
20220225_160119_pak_C000292_A000020	www.geo.tv	https://www.geo.tv/latest/401504-whatsapp-adds-another-useful-shortcut-for-android-users	PAK	Photo: ReutersPopular social platform WhatsApp has rolled out another useful shortcut to further improve its users experience using its application, WABetainfo reported.The new shortcut is a search message option, which is being made a part of the redesigned contact info interface the company launched last year.The feature has now been enabled for certain beta testers on Android.As you can see in this screenshot provided by WABetainfo, another option has been added to the message, call, and video call options already present in the contact info section.There are still only three options visible, but the fourth option can be viewed by tapping on the +1 icon.Unfortunately, the search shortcut doesn’t seem working so well, the WhatsApp news tracker said, citing the reason that even if the feature has been correctly enabled on the versions you are using, it may not appear in certain situations.However, it added that the issue would get fixed with future updates in the version. Moreover, since the feature has been made available to certain beta testers, the latest beta version must be updated to test the feature. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000294_A000029	nypost.com	https://nypost.com/2022/02/25/aaron-rodgers-denies-report-he-wants-50-million-per-year/	USA	Aaron Rodgers’ impending decision about his plans for the 2022 season is causing a media frenzy. On Friday, the two-time reigning MVP denied a report he wants $50 million per year on a new contract. Rodgers called the report “categorically false,” according to Pat McAfee, who said on his Friday show he texted the quarterback to address the claim. “He wants to be the highest paid player in the NFL by a wide margin, so we’re talking about $50 million a year,” ESPN’s Thursday on “The Rich Eisen Show.” Russini also doubled down on her that Rodgers will inform the Packers of his future plans “soon.” Those plans could include retirement after 17 seasons with Green Bay, finishing the last year of his contract with the Packers, or taking his talents to another team. On Friday’s “First Things First,” former Packers receiver Greg Jennings over the report. “Aaron Rodgers has been a very selfish guy,” Jennings said. “I go back to personal experiences. His words to me were, ‘don’t be that guy.’ All of a sudden, it’s about the money.” The Packers are reportedly willing to spend a hefty price to . On Thursday, ESPN’s Field Yates that the Packers created $3.08 million in cap space by turning a portion of Aaron Jones’ 2022 salary into a signing bonus and adding two voidable years to his deal. Russini also that to make a decision and there are a number of offers on the table. However, Green Bay would have to agree to a trade to move forward with any deal. Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst told reporters on Wednesday he never promised to trade Rodgers after the 2021 season. He also declined to share whether he’d honor a trade request. Aaron Rodgers shut down rumors that he was demanding a $50 million contract.Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Rodgers previously said on “The Pat McAfee Show” that he will decide by the end of February or early March about his plans for the 2022 season. Teams can begin making trades on March 16, when the new league year begins. The quarterback has also said he doesn’t want to be part of a rebuilding team. Rodgers threw for 4,115 yards and 37 touchdowns against only four interceptions in 16 starts this past season. 
20220225_160119_lva_C000302_A000023	www.distractify.com	https://www.distractify.com/p/undercover-boss-round-table-pizza-paul-damico	LVA	Trish begins showing him the ropes, but things get real when she takes the cover off the grease trap. I literally felt nauseous, Paul admitted. The smell is so bad from that.Paul is then shown scooping the grease out with a cup and then transferring it into containers to be disposed of. This has got to be the worst job in the restaurant, for sure, he said, to which Trish confirmed, It is.Watch the clip below, if you dare. 
20220225_160119_phl_C000304_A000015	www.justice.gov	https://www.justice.gov/usao-edla/pr/former-amtrak-employee-pleads-guilty-wire-fraud	PHL	NEW ORLEANS – U.S. Attorney Duane A. Evans announced today that KENYA BUTLER-SMALL pleaded guilty on February 23, 2022 to two counts of wire fraud for conduct that occurred while she was employed by Amtrak as an On-board Services Train Attendant. One wire fraud count relates to a scheme in which BUTLER-SMALL recruited more than 40 victims to spots on a purported June 2019 trip from New Orleans to New York City. BUTLER-SMALL told the victims that she had booked roundtrip Amtrak train travel for the trip, as well as activities, such as shows and museum visits. In truth, BUTLER-SMALL had not booked the Amtrak travel or the activities. When the date of the trip approached, BUTLER-SMALL told the victims, from whom she had taken a total of approximately $23,000 to $26,000, that Amtrak had canceled the trip because an incident occurred in which one of the trip’s passengers assaulted an Amtrak employee and made a bomb threat. In truth, no such incident had occurred. The other wire fraud count is related to a scheme in which BUTLER-SMALL submitted fraudulent sick benefit claims to the Railroad Retirement Board, a federal agency that provides benefits to Amtrak employees. BUTLER-SMALL claimed that she was too sick to work when, in truth, she was working another job. This caused the government to pay BUTLER-SMALL approximately $4,679 in sick benefits for days she falsely claimed to have been unable to work. BUTLER-SMALL is scheduled to be sentenced on June 15, 2022, by U.S. District Judge Sarah S. Vance. The maximum penalties for each count are up to 20 years imprisonment, up to three years of supervised release, a fine of up to $250,000, and a $100 mandatory special assessment fee. This case was investigated by the Amtrak Office of Inspector General and the Railroad Retirement Board Office of Inspector General. Assistant U.S. Attorney Chandra Menon is in charge of the prosecution. * * * 
20220225_160119_usa_C000308_A000012	news.yahoo.com	https://news.yahoo.com/chinas-xi-message-n-koreas-221911185.html	USA	SEOUL (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping stressed to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un the significance of cooperation between the two countries, North Koreas state media KCNA reported on Saturday.In a message to Kim, Xi said China is ready to work, together with the Korean side, to steadily develop the China-DPRK relations of friendship and cooperation ... under a new situation, KCNA said.The Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea (DPRK) is North Koreas official name.KCNA did not further elaborate on the nature of a new situation.Xi made the remarks in response to Kims congratulatory message for the Beijing Winter Olympics Games and a verbal message of congratulation soon after the successful closing of the games, according to KCNA.Earlier this week, Kim, in a verbal message to Xi, vowed to strengthen cooperation with China and together frustrate threats and hostile policies from the United States and its allies.North Korea did not participate in the Games, which ended on Sunday. In a previous letter from sports authorities in January, North Korea blamed hostile forces and COVID-19 risks for not being able to attend.North Korean athletes were not eligible to compete under their national flag after the country failed to send a team to the Tokyo Summer Olympics last year, citing COVID-19 concerns. China has been North Koreas only major ally since the two signed a treaty in 1961.(Reporting by Heekyong Yang; Editing by Sandra Maler) 
20220225_160119_usa_C000308_A000037	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/feb/24/eating-disorders-teen-girls-doubled-pandemic-cdc	USA	Emergency room visits for eating disorders among 12- to 17-year-old girls doubled during the coronavirus pandemic, according to new from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention – a troubling existing trend that was likely worsened by the stress of living through the prolonged crisis.“<U+200B><U+200B>We are seeing such a high volume of patients in need of eating disorder care as well as worsening severity,” said Tracy Richmond, a physician and the director of the eating disorder program at Boston Children’s Hospital, who was not involved in the CDC study. “It feels really clear for those of us who take care of teenagers that there is an absolute second pandemic of mental health needs in adolescents.”After a decade of , the American Academy of Pediatrics a national mental health emergency among children and teens in 2021, and the US surgeon general in December of a youth mental health crisis that began building before the pandemic.In 2020, kids actually made fewer visits to emergency departments than the year before – a decline of 21%, the CDC report found. In 2021, there was a decrease of 8% compared to 2019.But the reason for those visits changed dramatically during the early months of the pandemic, with the proportion of emergency visits for mental health among kids rising by 24% in 5- to 11-year-olds and 31% in 12- to 17-year-old, as compared with the year before.There are also marked differences in gender.Among teen girls, aged 12 to 17, visits for eating disorders and tic disorders increased in both 2020 and 2021. There were also more visits for depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder among teen girls in 2021.Another CDC published the same day found that overall visits to the emergency room declined in this same time, falling by 51% in 2020, 22% in 2021, and 23% in the first month of 2022, compared to 2019.Covid-19 remained the predominant reason for ER visits among kids – particularly among children too young to be vaccinated during the Omicron wave, when visits for that age group increased.There were also increases in visits related to behavioral health conditions among children five to 17, including self-harm, drug poisonings, socioeconomic and psychosocial concerns, and – among adolescents only – symptoms of mental health conditions and substance use.“The results point to the importance of increased awareness for health concerns that could arise due to delayed medical care and heightened emotional distress during the pandemic, especially among adolescents,” said Lakshmi Radhakrishnan, a health scientist at the CDC and the lead author of both studies.The reasons for the rise in distress among teen girls are complex and various, she added, making it difficult to pinpoint their cause.Richmond said that inpatient visits at her center have nearly tripled and the need for outpatient care has also increased.“As patients are coming in with higher needs, they’re coming in with more severe presentation, and they’re often coming in with comorbid mental illness, like depression, anxiety, suicidality,” Richmond said.Potential reasons include changes in routine and schedule, including spending more time at home and new habits around eating and exercise, as well as the stress of living through the pandemic – losing parents and caregivers to the virus or to other related causes, watching parents worry about their jobs and their own mental health.Social isolation can be particularly challenging in the teenage years, when it’s important for kids to form close relationships with peers and build their own identities.“They’re meant to be individuating from parents and family, and really be striking out on their own and developing their own individuality,” Richmond said. “Instead, in the early parts of the pandemic, they were driven back into the home and closer to their families.”Kids have also had disruptions to their regular activities and extracurricular interests – sports teams, theater groups, newspapers.The isolation may have accelerated an existing tendency to , where they are flooded with that to the rapid rise in eating disorders.“As our adolescents have been spending more time with social media, we also are uncovering that the content that they’re being served is just getting more and more extreme,” Richmond said.The tic disorders seen were because boys of the same age didn’t see an increase – and tic disorders tend to be diagnosed at earlier ages and are more common in boys than in girls.The increase in tic disorders may also be linked to social media – specifically TikTok, where cataloging tics has become its own genre of videos.But social media can also provide support and socialization, as well as a creative outlet, for many kids – and nuanced discussions of the role of social media are very important, said Tyler Black, a child and adolescent psychiatrist and suicidologist at BC Children’s Hospital in Vancouver.“Kids were online and connecting virtually and Snapchatting before we were Zooming – they were doing virtual teleconferences before we even knew what Zoom was – and they were very prepared for online interaction.”The return to school, for those who attended remotely or on a hybrid schedule, may have also contributed to stress, Black said.School is a major cause of stress for kids with anxiety, according to a 2014 from the American Psychological Association. Kids are about to die of suicide in the United States on school days versus non-school days.“People naively say things like ‘if we send kids back to school, we’ll restore their mental health.’ And I keep wanting to remind everybody that prior to the pandemic, we had a lot of concerns about school and kids’ mental health,” Black said, including bullying, racism and a lack of mental health curriculum or support services for kids.Eating disorders can affect everyone, Richmond said – “all genders, all ages, all socioeconomic groups, all racial and ethnic groups – and I do think we’ve seen more of that during the pandemic than ever before.”Every wave of Covid-19 has also brought destabilization, she said.“There’s just continued uncertainty, and a feeling of loss – you sort of feel like you’re getting your footing under you, and then a new variant comes and shakes everything up,” Richmond said. “I do think there’s some sense of kids wanting to control things … and for many of them, it just spirals out of control in a way that they didn’t expect.” 
20220225_160119_isr_C000313_A000014	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/world-news/fighting-russia-ukraine-is-crowdfunding-for-its-armed-forces-2788525	ISR	The amounts raised are minuscule compared to Ukraines military budget.Ukraine is crowdfunding to raise money for its armed forces as it faces down one of the biggest militaries in the world.National Bank of Ukraine set up a special account on Thursday where people from around the world can send money in major currencies to Ukrainian soldiers.Come Back Alive, a non-profit based in Kyiv, said it raised 20.5 million hryvnia ($673,000) in one day to support the army, according to a Facebook post. Army SOS is accepting donations and equipping the military with new technology such as tablets, according to posts on its Facebook page. You helped the military more yesterday than you did in 2021, Come Back Alive posted on Wednesday.The amounts raised are minuscule compared to Ukraines military budget, which was about $3.9 billion in 2021. Lawmakers agreed to increase defense spending by about $870 million earlier this week. Russia spends more than 10 times as much as Ukraine on defense.Western allies said Thursday afternoon that they expect Kyiv to fall to Russian forces in a matter of hours. Putins end game is seen as removing the government in Kyiv to install a puppet regime. Nonprofits and volunteer soldiers have been central to Ukraines fight against Russia dating back to the annexation of Crimea. Come Back Alive, which started in 2014, has a charitable foundation that has previously helped equip Ukrainian forces with military vehicles, surveillance systems and more, according to its website. As of 2019, it had spent about $5 million on equipment.Commercial money-transfer platforms like Wise have also seen a surge of interest. Wise is currently limiting transfers to Ukraine to the equivalent of 200 euros ($224) because it is more difficult to operate their service right now, the company said on Twitter. It intends to lift the limit as soon as possible. A spokesperson for the company declined further comment.Representatives for National Bank of Ukraine, Come Back Alive and Army SOS didnt immediately respond to requests for comment.(Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.) 
20220225_160119_nzl_C000318_A000024	www.nzherald.co.nz	https://www.nzherald.co.nz/lifestyle/covid-19-omicron-outbreak-queen-still-has-symptoms-postpones-audiences-again/DJC6JCFG3UUCWDYLETKJGQUQC4/	NZL	25 Feb, 2022 06:16 AM2 minutes to readFebruary 21 2022: Queen Elizabeth II tests positive for Covid, experiencing mild symptoms. Video / NZ HeraldQueen Elizabeth II postponed two virtual audiences as she continued to experience cold-like symptoms from Covid-19, Buckingham Palace said Thursday (local time).It was the second time this week that Elizabeth, 95, had cancelled virtual sessions. However, she spoke by telephone with British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Wednesday in what was seen as an encouraging sign of her recovery.The monarchs age, Covid-19 diagnosis and a health scare last year have caused worry among officials and the public. Her positive test for the coronavirus over the weekend prompted concern and get-well wishes from across Britains political spectrum.The palace said Sunday that Elizabeth, who has been fully vaccinated and had a booster shot, would continue with light duties at Windsor Castle.The queen, who is the countrys longest-reigning monarch, has a series of engagements coming up as she celebrates her Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years on the throne. She is scheduled to host a March 2 reception which would involve meeting hundreds of diplomats at Windsor.She is also due to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14, and then a March 26 memorial service, also at the Abbey, for her late husband, Prince Philip, who died last April at age 99. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000320_A000021	www.lexology.com	https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=6aa308d9-d9a4-4d78-9825-3c47444e9a90	UGA	This is a bizarre and fascinating story that could perhaps only happen in a global lockdown time. Everyone was working remotely so it took some considerable time for people to realise that the agency was fake. The con eventually started to unravel when one of the employees tried to find out more about the companys physical office and found that it did not exist. As mainstream, genuine businesses move to being wholly remote in the future, even checking for a physical office may not reveal the deception. It is interesting to note that there do not appear to be any trade mark applications or registrations for the word MAD BIRD in any jurisdiction in relation to relevant design agency services. This should have been a red flag for a supposedly marketing savvy design agency. Perhaps this will become a standard check for people signing up to work in a remote only business? The Zoom call had about 40 people on it - or thats what the people who had logged on thought. The all-staff meeting at the glamorous design agency had been called to welcome the growing companys newest recruits. Its name was Madbird and its dynamic and inspirational boss, Ali Ayad, wanted everyone on the call to be ambitious hustlers - just like him. But what those who had turned on their cameras didnt know was that some of the others in the meeting werent real people. Yes, they were listed as participants. Some even had active email accounts and LinkedIn profiles. But their names were made up and their headshots belonged to other people. The whole thing was fake - the real employees had been jobfished. The BBC has spent a year investigating what happened. 
20220225_160119_sgp_C000340_A000010	www.straitstimes.com	https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/transport/toyota-arm-to-buy-sgcarmart-for-150m	SGP	SINGAPORE - A consortium led by Toyota Financial Services has agreed to buy vehicle trading portal sgCarMart from Singapore Press Holdings Ltd (SPHL) for $150 million. SPHLs sale of sgCarMart, which it bought for some $50 million back in 2013, was first flagged by The Straits Times last August. Mr Vinod Cherumadathil, chief executive of Toyota Financial Services Singapore (TFSS) - a financial arm of the worlds largest automaker - told The Straits Times that the acquisition will include sgCarMarts online auction portal Quotz as well as Quotz (Taiwan), but will exclude Mr Cherumadathil said the acquisition is an all-cash deal. When completed, TFSS will own 76 per cent of sgCarMart, with the remaining 24 per cent owned by two other acquisition partners - Toyota Tsusho Asia-Pacific and Phillip Binter. Mr Cherumadathil said: We believe sgCarMart is a leading player in the new and used car market place. We appreciate that. As an automotive company, we will use our own expertise and resources to grow the business in its current form, and to take it overseas. We also believe the digital space is getting more and more vital to our customers. For the year ended Aug 31, 2020, sgCarMart (SGCM) reported net earnings of $5.1 million, up from $4.6 million previously. Its car trading and finance arm Quotz posted net earnings of $339,000 for the same period, up from a loss of $12,000 in 2019. It has more than 30,000 car listings. In comparison, upstart rival Carro saw a net loss of $5.2 million for financial year 2020, up from $3.1 million in 2019. SPH Ltd, which recently has confirmed the sale. SPHL chief executive Ng Yat Chung said: “The sale of SGCM will deliver value to both SPHL and Toyota Financial Services. “This divestment is part of SPHL’s ongoing capital recycling initiatives. We will continue to identify and seize new opportunities that add value to our shareholders.” 
20220225_160119_sgp_C000340_A000011	campaignbriefasia.com	https://campaignbriefasia.com/2022/02/25/vccp-launches-global-gaming-proposition-vccp-to-help-brands-leverage-gaming-multiverse/	SGP	VCCP Group, the global challenger network, has today announced the launch of a global gaming proposition, VCCP+. On a mission to help brands navigate and leverage the 2.7 billion person Gaming Multiverse, VCCP+ will deliver data-backed solutions to help brands build long-term value in the space and challenge the ways gaming is traditionally viewed and activated. With a unique approach and offering, VCCP+ will aim to upskill and tip the balance for modern marketers. The current obsession with the Metaverse pipe dream is distracting the much needed attention away from the single largest unmet audience opportunity in marketing. The power of gaming as a medium and culture has been alarmingly misunderstood for too long. Gaming today is much more than just playing video games. It is a complex, thriving multiverse of distinct and diverse platforms, media and cultures – from content, to influencers, lifestyle, design, entertainment, and sports. With a third of the world’s population in its mix, gaming has a larger audience than even Facebook. But it’s not just its sheer size. Every touchpoint across the multiverse surpasses that of existing social and traditional channels of communication. Gaming content viewership on YouTube, for example, is bigger than HBO, Netflix, and Hulu combined. And these numbers will only continue to accelerate with a new generation of audience where gaming is a core part of their identity and social life. Despite its popularity and abundance of opportunities, brands, marketers and even agencies have only really scratched the surface of gaming’s potential as the force in marketing to leverage. Investment in gaming is currently 100 times less than ad spend on Facebook and four times less than in print. VCCP+ aims to disrupt this status quo and will arm future-facing brands with the right data, expertise, ideas, and partnerships for an immediate marketing future where a gaming strategy and an always-on plan will be a critical necessity. Says Jonny Shaw (above right), CEO of VCCP+: “The gaming space is completely misunderstood, misused or relegated to being an experiment for marketers. It is the biggest unmet audience opportunity there is in marketing. Gaming represents the biggest entertainment vertical in the world and is constantly ignored by brands. As 90% of Gen Z identify as gamers, the audience of tomorrow is everyone. VCCP+ is here to challenge the status quo and offer brands a way to engage and tap into this demographic in a way that is authentic and will reduce media wastage.” The traditional one-size-fits-all model will not work in the gaming multiverse. Launching with a proprietary methodology and tools built from the ground up to aid brands and marketers in making the right decisions, VCCP+ brings data-rich, actionable insights from the complex landscape with the goal of delivering long-term engagement and value, with the capabilities to measure and optimise marketing activities in the space. Backed by a worldwide network of talent and partners, VCCP+ will tap into coders from VCCP CX and makers in the world of design and art, motion and 3D tech, from VCCP’s recently launched global content studio, Girl&Bear. Supporting this and working at the speed of culture, VCCP+ will also team up with leading production and content partners, collaborators at the intersections of sports, lifestyle and entertainment, as well as gaming publishers and influencers. VCCP+ will be led by CEO, Jonny Shaw and head of strategy, Sashi Nair (above left). Shaw has worked in the game space for over 20 years, leading teams in London, Tokyo, San Francisco and New York. He has worked on both endemic games brands, PlayStation, Xbox, EA and Rockstar games, to name a few, as well as helping some of the world’s best consumer brands navigate the world of games including Coca Cola, Fanta, Adidas, Google, and many more. Nair joins from Havas Sports & Entertainment where he led the strategy practice on gaming, partnerships, sports and music. An award-winning, multi-disciplinary strategist, Nair delivers meaningful vision and solutions based on today’s popular culture across geographies for organisations like The Coca-Cola Company, Beam Suntory, Michelin, Tracfone, Fidelity, Titlelist, P&G, Pringles, Emirates, HSBC, Sony and Volkswagen. Says Julian Douglas, international CEO at VCCP: “The mainstream marketing industry is finally waking up to the opportunity gaming provides. Marketers are realising this isn’t a niche space; it is where their audience is. Gaming is about socialising, connecting, meeting new people and deepening existing relationships. It’s about experiences and culture, and simply having a good time. VCCP+ is here to navigate and unlock this space in an authentic, unique and commercially valuable way for brands all around the globe.” Says Nair: “The Multiverse aptly describes the far reaching impact of gaming. This cultural tidal wave that is right now defining the future of media and advertising is repeatedly swept under the rug. Brands and marketers need to wake up and evolve their perception of gaming being a channel for siloed, experimental initiatives. Gaming is now the heart of popular culture and the future of entertainment. I’m excited to take on the challenge of transforming the perception of the space, helping brands and marketers unlock the potential the gaming multiverse has to offer, and creating the correct solutions for them to deliver value and business goals.” VCCP+ launches as a new practice within all VCCP offices worldwide, including New York, where it is headquartered, Madrid, Prague, San Francisco, London, Singapore, Sydney and Shanghai, and will be offered as core service to VCCP clients such as White Claw and O2. For more information about VCCP+ visit 
20220225_160119_usa_C000346_A000022	www.xda-developers.com	https://www.xda-developers.com/motorola-edge-plus-pro-x30-wallpapers/	USA	Motorola just released its latest flagship phone for the United States and international markets this week: the (called the ‘Edge 30 Pro’ in India and some other countries). It’s nearly identical to the that was released in China near the end of last year, and now you can grab the wallpaper images from both phones for use on any device you want. There are 21 static wallpapers in total, with 13 included on both the Motorola Edge Plus 2022/Edge 30 Pro and the Moto Edge X30, and an additional 8 wallpapers only found on the Moto Edge X30. Most of them follow the same design we’ve seen on most other phone wallpapers over the past few years, with bright colors and gradient patterns or liquid-like splashes. However, there is one unique wallpaper that depicts multi-colored clay-like blocks, which is actually . That’s a fun callback. Most of the wallpapers aren’t too unique, but they might be a nice replacement for whatever images you’re using now — a change of scenery can be good sometimes. You can download all of the images in full resolution at the link below, divided into folders based on the device they shipped with (“hiphi” for Edge Plus 2022/Edge 30 Pro, “hiphic” for Edge X30). The Motorola Edge Plus 2022/Edge 30 Pro ships with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chipset, 8-12GB RAM, up to 512GB of internal storage, a 6.7-inch 144Hz display, and a 4,800mAh battery. There are a few minor changes compared to the earlier Edge X30, like a slightly smaller battery (4,800mAh vs. 5,000mAh) and a more stock-like Android build, but it’s more or less the same phone. In some regions, it will be sold with a Folio Case and Smart Stylus, bringing it a little closer to the . 
20220225_160119_isr_C000350_A000036	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220225/Study-identifies-specific-RNA-biomarkers-linked-to-gastrointestinal-issues-in-kids-with-autism.aspx	ISR	As a clinician at the University of Missouri Thompson Center for Autism and Neurodevelopmental Disorders, David Beversdorf helps patients with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), many of whom may also be struggling with gastrointestinal or digestive issues, including constipation and diarrhea. These symptoms are experienced by children with ASD at a higher rate than their neurotypical peers, although some individuals might not respond favorably to traditional treatments, such as laxatives. In a recent study, Beversdorf collaborated with a researcher at Penn State University to identify specific RNA biomarkers linked with gastrointestinal issues in children with autism. The findings could help one day lead to individualized treatments aimed at easing the pain of these individuals. Saliva samples were collected from nearly 900 children, some of whom had autism and experienced gastrointestinal disturbances, at several academic medical centers across the country. After analyzing the samples, the researchers identified specific RNA biomarkers linked to children who had autism and experienced gastrointestinal symptoms. We wanted to understand how a childs body responds to the various bacteria living in the mouth and determine if these interactions contribute to gastrointestinal symptoms. By identifying these specific microRNAs in the saliva of children with autism, these molecules may serve as future targets for developing novel treatments or tracking medication effectiveness in children with autism-related gastrointestinal conditions. Steve Hicks, associate professor of pediatrics, Penn State College of Medicine Hicks collaborated with Beversdorf on the study. Beversdorf added that RNA have regulatory properties throughout the human body, and the specific RNA identified in the study may have regulatory effects on biological pathways related to metabolism, digestion, depression and addiction. Its one of those chicken or the egg cases where we still dont know if it is the RNA potentially contributing to the gastrointestinal issues, or if the gastrointestinal issues are causing the RNA to be expressed differently, but we have identified a relationship, which will be useful to further explore going forward, said Beversdorf, who also has appointments in the MU College of Arts and Science and MU School of Medicine. This research can potentially help contribute to precision medicine one day, where we can follow children with autism and gastrointestinal symptoms over an extended period of time and assess how they might respond to personalized treatments, with the ultimate goal of reducing their symptoms and improving their quality of life. Source:Journal reference:Beversdorf, D.Q., et al. (2022) Saliva RNA Biomarkers of Gastrointestinal Dysfunction in Children With Autism and Neurodevelopmental Disorders: Potential Implications for Precision Medicine. Frontiers in Psychiatry. . 
20220225_160119_irl_C000378_A000026	www.rte.ie	https://www.rte.ie/entertainment/2022/0225/1283102-patrick-kielty-opens-up-about-his-fathers-murder/	IRL	Comedian and TV presenter Patrick Kielty has recalled the day his father was murdered by loyalist paramilitaries when he was 44 and Patrick was just 16. Building contractor Jack Kielty was shot dead by the UDA in January 1988 and his son recalled the tragic day on Fridays Late Late Show. I was 16 and it was my brothers 18th birthday. Everybody said they were sorry, everybody hugged us but nobody said they couldnt believe it, he said. That is how things were up there, that was the normality of it. Patrick was called into the headmaster’s office at his school in Dundrum, Co. Down to be told the news. With the passing of time, you get a weird clarity to the whole thing. I was in school, and I was called to the headmaster’s office, I was putting up Comic Relief posters and I hadnt asked the headmaster could I do it. I thought Brother Fergus was going to sort me out for that. I remember going into the office and Brian Cunningham, my dads best friend, was sitting there. I could see something was up. They said my dad had been shot and I automatically said Is he dead? and straight away they said Yes. That drive home, we passed the house where the killers, who shot him, were hiding. They didnt go straight back to Belfast, there was a local house and local people were involved. Patrick added that his dad was a target for terrorists for several reasons. My dad was a building contractor. We subsequently found out in later years that he wasnt going to pay his protection money and he was going to give evidence in a trial, but that trial collapsed, he said. So, he was a dead man walking from then. He was also the chairman of the Gaelic club, and he was a prominent Catholic in the area. Father of two Patrick, who is married to fellow TV presenter Cat Deeley, previously talked about his grief in the recent BBC documentary A Hundred Years of Union. For a long time, I didnt want to talk that much about it on the basis that everyone has gone through it up North, everybody has had a touch, he said. As time goes on and you process it, it is good to talk about these things. When you tell your story that means other people might tell their story. Patrick starts the Ireland and UK tour of his new stand-up show Borderline this May and stars in the forthcoming film Ballywater. 
20220225_160119_mys_C000382_A000027	www.thestar.com.my	https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2022/02/26/tmj-will-quit-football-if-jdt-fall-again-to-kl-in-charity-shield	MYS	PETALING JAYA: The Charity Shield will be no ordinary game for Johor Darul Ta’zim based on the comments made by their owner Tunku Ismail Sultan Ibrahim. The Johor Crown Prince has resorted to mind games on social media by stating that if the Southern Tigers lose the game against Malaysia Cup champions Kuala Lumpur at their den in the Sultan Ibrahim Stadium today, he will leave and not get involved in any football activities in the country. He even screengrabbed the comment, which saw many social media followers giving their thoughts on his statement. Coach Benjamin Mora was also aware of that comment and said that if Tunku Ismail leaves, he will go too. “I will follow him if he wants to step out of football. If we lose, I will have to do the same,” said the Mexican during the pre-match press conference in Iskandar Puteri yesterday. “He is my boss. It is not easy to say this kind of thing. TMJ (Tuanku Mahkota Johor) is a visionary and has given Malaysian football a lot of things. “We must respect what he has done over the years. He just wants to win, just like everyone else. I am aware it is going to be a challenging game against Kuala Lumpur. I am also aware that everybody wants to beat JDT. “I’ve to convince the players that this is an important game. We will give TMJ a good game so that he can be around us for a long time.” JDT have invested heavily by signing Syahmi Safari, Fernando Forestieri, Moussa Sidibe, Bienvenido Maranon and Carli De Murga this year. So expectations are high as they look to dominate all domestic competitions, starting with the Charity Shield. “We all know Kuala Lumpur’s quality after the Malaysia Cup final last year, where we lost 0-2. “But we will play better than that. I’m only thinking about winning,” said Mora. “Right now, I’ve got a lot of options in my team, which is a good problem to have. But I have an idea on how I am going to shape my team for this game.” His counterpart Bojan Hodak said there is no pressure on his side and believes he doesn’t need to fully motivate his boys. The Croatian even added that he hopes the referee would be as good as the one in the Cup final. “For me, I’ve no pressure. I just want my boys to play a good game. JDT are under more pressure. After the Cup final, they will do everything today to beat us. “I just hope we have a good referee like the one in the Malaysia Cup final. “The whole pressure is on JDT. I don’t need to motivate my boys. “We obviously want to win a trophy and give a good game to the public.” 
20220225_160119_isr_C000403_A000020	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/25/22951225/microsoft-windows-11-bluetooth-quick-settings-insider-testing-build	ISR	Microsoft is rolling out its latest test build of Windows 11 to its , and the update is promising to make Bluetooth devices . Windows 11 Build 22563 will surface a list of Bluetooth devices right into the Quick Settings menu of the taskbar, complete with visible battery levels for supported devices. This new Bluetooth list allows users to connect to new devices and disconnect to current devices without having to open the full Bluetooth settings menu. It takes a small cue from the way Windows 11’s Quick Settings already handles Wi-Fi networks or selecting an audio source. This is the latest update to come to Windows 11 . Bluetooth has been a bit of a sticking point for Windows, often being a bit clunky in its interface — especially if you switch between a bunch of Bluetooth devices. Microsoft started making big improvements to Bluetooth usability back in Windows 10, though it’s taken time to do things like and . This next build of Windows 11 may seem like a small quality-of-life improvement, though it can go a long way toward making Bluetooth connections a smaller pain point for Windows machines. Of course, being part of the Windows Insiders testing program doesn’t guarantee this new feature rolls out right away — or even at all — though this one looks like a slam dunk from the “why didn’t they do this ages ago” department. The new Quick Settings lists out Bluetooth devices, with direct access to connect and disconnect. Image: Microsoft 
20220225_160119_isr_C000403_A000023	www.distractify.com	https://www.distractify.com/p/anna-delvey-vs-tinder-swindler	ISR	In fact, theyve even launched a to help them get their lives back on track. As of now, they’ve reached a little over €166,000 out of a €600,000 goal. Delvey and Leviev both did some very messed-up things to a ton of unsuspecting people during their theft rampages. But which one is actually worse? 
20220225_160119_ind_C000406_A000038	www.financialexpress.com	https://www.financialexpress.com/lifestyle/health/covid-19-vaccine-hesitancy-worldwide-phenomenon-say-experts-bat-for-educating-people/2444859/	IND	Vaccine hesitancy is a worldwide phenomenon and people’s reservations must be allayed by convincing them that vaccines are highly protective, experts said here on Friday. Speaking on ‘India’s Contribution in Reducing Global Vaccine Inequity’ at Asia Economic Dialogue, a geo-economic conference organized by Pune International Centre jointly with the Ministry of External Affairs, these experts sought for greater engagement of the government with vaccine manufacturers as well as the involvement of civil society in educating communities about the need for vaccination. While Dr Raman Gangakhedkar, former head of Epidemiology, ICMR (Indian Council of Medical Research) chaired the discussion, participants included Dr Stanley Plotkin, Emeritus Professor at University of Pennsylvania and Adjunct Professor, John Hopkins University, Dr Umesh Shaligram, Director (R&D), Serum Institute of India, Dr Krishna Ella, Chairman and Managing Director of Bharat Biotech International Ltd. and eminent virologist Dr Gagandeep Kang. Lauding India’s position as the world’s biggest vaccine manufacturer as well as a major supplier of doses to the world, Dr Plotkin said research of 20-odd years helped develop vaccines against COVID-19 in a short period of time. “Indian vaccine producers reacted rapidly to the need to develop and make available the vaccine but what is noteworthy is that the regulatory authorities demonstrated the capability to process huge amount of data and give the necessary clearances,” said Dr Plotkin. Dr Kang said there was a need to reduce the gap between variant-specific vaccines and a variant proof vaccine that will be broadly protective.She said vaccination is as important as developing vaccines and, in addition to government efforts, involving civil society in the drive can fetch greater results. “The pandemic has led to a greater trust of government in vaccine manufacturers and it is now open to working with manufacturers. India should create a strong network for clinical trials, which can be used for fast recruitment of patients for trials in a short time,” Dr Kang said. Dr Shaligram of Serum Institute said the vaccine supplied by them was very cost-effective and saved millions of lives, adding it was receiving approvals for its vaccine from more countries. “We are now engaged in adopting new technologies in a short time,” he said. Dr Ella of Bharat Biotech said nature has been giving signals about possible threats in future and all should be prepared to work on five or six predictable diseases so that vaccines to treat them can be produced in a very short time. “India took lead in creating huge capacities for producing COVID-19 vaccine but has to think about how these capacities will be utilized once the pandemic’s pressure reduces,” he said. 
20220225_160119_nam_C000426_A000014	www.thecitizen.co.tz	https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/news/business/us-seek-more-investment-opportunities-in-africa-3729646	NAM	The US government is exploring ways to expand trade and investment opportunities in Africa, in a bid to scramble for the control of the continent’s raw materials with other world’s powerful nations such as China and Russia.The US Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Akunna Cook said the country has yet to deepen its presence in Africa, which has a population of about 1.3 billion people. “We have been behind the curve for quite some time in terms of really taking advantage of the opportunities on the continent… the great challenge is to inform our companies and investors the opportunities that exist on the continent after I leave for Washington,” she said while on a visit in Namibia.Ms Cook and the Prosper Africa acting Chief Operating Officer Leslie Marbury are on an African economic diplomacy visit covering Nigeria, Kenya, South Africa, and Namibia, which began on February 14 and will end on March 1, 2022.She said the Biden-Harris administration has made trade and investment with Africa a huge priority, with a focus to connecting with African entrepreneurs, investors, and policymakers to talk about how the US government can improve its commercial and economic diplomacy initiatives. “We are thrilled to be promoting the President’s Build Back Better World initiative which was announced back at the G7, also focused on digital, gender, health, and climate, focusing also, of course, on Prosper Africa, and happy to talk a bit about where things are with the evolving US-Africa strategy, which will be announced later this year,” said Cook. “Prosper Africa is a US government initiative to increase trade and investment between the United States and Africa. It’s all about the opportunities that we are seeing in Africa and that we’ve certainly seen in Nigeria and Kenya, now in South Africa,” Leslie Marbury, acting Chief Operating Officer Prosper Africa said. 
20220225_160119_can_C000440_A000011	www.theglobeandmail.com	https://www.theglobeandmail.com/world/article-russian-troops-push-in-to-kyiv-as-war-wages-throughout-ukraine/	CAN	Medics gather by a high-rise apartment block that was hit by recent shelling in Kyiv on Feb. 26.GENYA SAVILOV/AFP/Getty ImagesThe battle for Kyiv intensified on Friday with Russian troops and armoured vehicles invading parts of Ukraine’s capital and the city’s residents taking up arms to fight back, as the country’s President vowed to stay amid the onslaught on his country.The Defence Ministry said Russian reconnaissance units were in the northern Obolon neighbourhood of the city, close to Kyiv’s historic Podil district, a place of cafés and cobblestoned streets that is now a front line.“We ask citizens to inform about the movement of equipment!” the official statement said. “Make Molotov cocktails, neutralize the occupier!”Russia’s authoritarian President Vladimir Putin called on the Ukrainian army to overthrow the elected government of President Volodymyr Zelensky.“Take power in your own hands. It seems like it will be easier for us to agree with you than this gang of drug addicts and neo-Nazis,” Mr. Putin said, referring to Mr. Zelensky, who is Jewish. MURAT YUKSELIR / THE GLOBE AND MAIL, SOURCE: GRAPHIC NEWS VIA AP, BLOOMBERG AND REUTERS The Ukrainian government said they had destroyed three bridges on the northern approach to the capital to slow the Russian advance.A few hours later, as fighting moved closer to the centre of the city, the Interior Ministry announced it had distributed some 18,000 assault rifles to residents.Friday’s fighting followed a night of fierce bombing in and around Kyiv.In the eastern Pozniaky district of the city, a 10-storey apartment block had its windows blown out and façade badly damaged when a Russian cruise missile slammed into the ground directly in front of the residential building, leaving a two-metre-deep crater while narrowly missing a kindergarten. Three people were injured.“It’s an indiscriminate crime. If they had hit the building, it would have exploded like a match,” Gurban Abasov, a 70-year-old singer whose eighth-floor apartment was scorched by fire after the missile strike, told The Globe. “Ordinary people live here. This place has nothing to do with the military.”A man surveys the damage near a crater left in a Kyiv apartment complex on Feb. 25.Anton Skyba/The Globe and MailAmnesty International said on Friday that Russia’s war against Ukraine “has been marked by indiscriminate attacks on civilian areas and strikes on protected objects such as hospitals,” and that at least six civilians had been confirmed as killed in the first day of attacks. Agnčs Callamard, the group’s secretary general, said some of the attacks on civilian areas “may be war crimes.”Russian air strikes and missile attacks continued to hit Kyiv throughout Friday. As night fell, the roar of fighter jets mixed with the thud of artillery fire somewhere in the dark, and residents were repeatedly forced to flee into bomb shelters.With Russian units less than 10 kilometres from the Presidential Administration building in the city centre, Mr. Zelensky called for direct talks with Mr. Putin. “I want to appeal once again to the President of the Russian Federation. Fighting is taking place all over Ukraine. Let’s sit down at the negotiating table to stop the deaths of people,” Mr. Zelensky said in a video address.He said 137 Ukrainians had been killed, and 316 injured, on Thursday during the first day of fighting. There was no credible count of Russian casualties. The Ukrainian military claimed to have killed 1,000 Russian soldiers, while Russia’s Ministry of Defence reported “no losses.”Mr. Putin said Russia was willing to send a delegation of officials to Minsk, the Belarusian capital. Minsk has been the site of years of fruitless talks aimed at ending the smaller scale war between the Ukrainian military and a Moscow-backed militia that controls part of the Donbas region in southeastern Ukraine. Nor is Belarus any kind of neutral turf – Belarusian dictator Alexander Lukashenko has allowed Russia to use his country’s territory to launch their attack on Kyiv.Mr. Putin also called for a military coup against Mr. Zelensky, claiming that Ukrainian “nationalists” – and the advice of “American advisers” – were preparing to attack residential areas of Ukrainian cities, including Kyiv and Kharkiv, with rockets.Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky speaks to the camera in a video posted to his Facebook account on Feb. 25.Facebook/@Volodymyr Zelensky/AFP via Getty ImagesMr. Zelensky, who was elected in 2019, said unspecified intelligence suggested that Russia’s plan was to forcibly remove him as head of state.“They want to destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state,” he said in an overnight video address, appearing unshaven and wearing a military green shirt. “The enemy marked me as a target No. 1 and my family as the target No. 2.”Later on Friday, a stern-faced Mr. Zelensky posted a video of himself standing outside the Presidential Administration building with his top staff, saying they would remain in Kyiv despite the risks. “All of us here, we are defending our independence. And we will continue to do so. Glory to our male and female defenders. Glory to Ukraine.”Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko said Russian sabotage units were operating inside the city, which has been under a state of emergency since shortly before the Russian assault began late on Wednesday.“The city has gone into a defensive phase. Shots and explosions are ringing out in some neighbourhoods. Saboteurs have already entered Kyiv,” Mr. Klitschko, a former world boxing champion, said.“The enemy wants to put the capital on its knees and destroy us.”Mr. Putin has said the invasion was necessary because Ukraine’s ambition to join the NATO military alliance posed a threat to Russia, while also claiming a need to protect Ukraine’s Russian-speaking minority. Ukrainian officials believe that Mr. Putin never saw Ukraine as an independent state, and the Kremlin was unwilling to tolerate a democratic state on its border.An Ukrainian soldier walks through debris on the west side of the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv on Feb. 26.DANIEL LEAL/AFP/Getty ImagesUkraine’s often-chaotic democracy has seen the country go through five presidents during the 22-plus years that Mr. Putin has ruled Russia.In addition to the attack on Kyiv, Russian forces were closing on the country’s second-largest city Kharkiv, in the east of the country. There were also reports that at least part of Kherson, a city of 300,000 people near Crimea in the south of Ukraine, had been captured. “The enemy overcame the defences of the city with significant forces and great losses,” read a statement posted on the city’s Facebook page.But while Russian forces were making significant military gains in the early days of this war, there were also signs that it will be much harder to win over the Ukrainian population. In Henichesk, a village near Kherson, a video emerged of an elderly woman confronting an armed Russian soldier on the streets.“What the ... are you doing in our land with all these guns?” the woman asks, ignoring the soldier’s order to move along. “Take these seeds and put them in your pockets so at least sunflowers will grow when you all lie down here.”Russia invades Ukraine: More from The Globe and MailThe day in photosOlha Zapotochna with her ill son Arthur after crossing the Ukrainian-Polish border, in Medyka, Poland on Feb. 25.Maciek Nabrdalik/The New York Times News Service1 of 45Smoke and flames rise over buildings during shelling near Kyiv, as Russia continues its invasion of Ukraine.GLEB GARANICH/Reuters2 of 45A man holds a sleeping baby after arriving by bus to a supermarket parking lot from the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing.Omar Marques/Getty Images3 of 45Ukrainians receive free food and drinks as they enter Romania after crossing the Danube river.DANIEL MIHAILESCU/AFP/Getty Images4 of 45A woman holds Sofia, 4 year-old, in her arms after crossing the border from Ukraine at the Romanian-Ukrainian border.Andreea Alexandru/The Associated Press5 of 45People gather at a rally in support of Ukraine in front of the Parliament on February 25 in Tbilisi, Georgia.Daro Sulakauri/Getty Images6 of 45Protesters opposed to the Russian invasion of Ukraine demonstrate outside of Downing Street, the residence of British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.JEFF J MITCHELL/Getty Images7 of 45A woman and her son look out from an evacuation train from Kyiv to Lviv at Kyiv central train station.UMIT BEKTAS/Reuters8 of 45People at a temporary shelter in a civic centre after crossing the border into Hungary as they flee Ukraine on February 25, 2022.Janos Kummer/Getty Images9 of 45People wait to board an evacuation train from Kyiv to Lviv at Kyiv central train station.UMIT BEKTAS/Reuters10 of 45Volunteers from Krakow offer free soup, sandwiches and snacks to refugees. About 50 people from Krakow have come to help.Anna Liminowicz /The Globe and Mail11 of 45The lone Ukrainian language school in Przemysl has turned its gym into a makeshift shelter that can accommodate 100 refugees.Anna Liminowicz /The Globe and Mail12 of 45A Ukrainian cries as she waits for relatives at the Medyka Polish Ukrainian border crossing on February 25, 2022.Omar Marques/Getty Images13 of 45Bomdo, a Ukrainian living in Poland hugs his son and daughter who crossed the Polish Ukrainian border with their mother on February 25, 2022 in Medyka, Poland.Omar Marques/Getty Images14 of 45Empty bread shelves in a supermarket on February 25 in Kyiv, Ukraine.Pierre Crom/Getty Images15 of 45A girl stands at the edge of the crater made by Russian cruise missile shot in Kyiv.ANTON SKYBA/The Globe and Mail16 of 45A local resident tries to clean the debris after an explosion of the remnants of a Russian missile in Kyiv.ANTON SKYBA/The Globe and Mail17 of 45Members of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine walk towards a rocket case stuck in the ground following recent shelling in Kharkiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.MAKSIM LEVIN/Reuters18 of 45Medics transport a person wearing a military uniform into an ambulance near a damaged unidentified military truck near a residential area in Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.OLGA YAKIMOVICH/Reuters19 of 45A Ukrainian soldier sits injured in cross fire inside the city of Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.Emilio Morenatti/The Associated Press20 of 45Vehicles wait in line at a security checkpoint on February 25, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine.Anastasia Vlasova/Getty Images21 of 45A Ukrainian serviceman checks a vehicle at a security checkpoint on February 25, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine.Anastasia Vlasova/Getty Images22 of 45A woman and two children leave Ukraine after crossing the Slovak-Ukrainian border in Ubla, eastern Slovakia, close to the Ukrainian city of Welykyj Beresnyj, on Feb. 25, 2022.PETER LAZAR/AFP/Getty Images23 of 45Russian army military vehicles are seen in Armyansk, Crimea, on Feb. 25, 2022.STRINGER/AFP/Getty Images24 of 45Ukrainian servicemen on patrol on a road in Kharkiv talk with a civilian on Feb. 25, 2022.MAKSIM LEVIN/Reuters25 of 45A Ukrainian Army soldier inspects fragments of a downed aircraft in Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.Vadim Zamirovsky/The Associated Press26 of 45Firefighters work at a damaged residential building on Koshytsa Street, a suburb of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, where a military shell hit, on February 25, 2022.GENYA SAVILOV/AFP/Getty Images27 of 45Natali Sevriukova reacts next to her home following a rocket attack in the city of Kyiv on February 25, 2022.Emilio Morenatti/The Associated Press28 of 45A man looks out of the window of a damaged apartment in a residential block hit by an early morning missile strike on February 25, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine.Chris McGrath/Getty Images29 of 45A man clears debris at a damaged residential building on Koshytsa Street in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv on February 25, 2022.DANIEL LEAL/AFP/Getty Images30 of 45A child on a swing outside a residential building damaged by a missile on February 25, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine.Pierre Crom/Getty Images31 of 45A woman walks around the wreckage of an unidentified aircraft that crashed into a house in a residential area in Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.UMIT BEKTAS/Reuters32 of 45People run to take shelter while sirens sound announcing new attacks in the city of Kyiv on February 25, 2022.Emilio Morenatti/The Associated Press33 of 45Hundreds of residents from a residential building damaged by a missile gather in a bomb shelter in the basement of a school on February 25, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine.Pierre Crom/Getty Images34 of 45People take pictures of the remains of a rocket in a residential area in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv on February 25, 2022.GENYA SAVILOV/AFP/Getty Images35 of 45The wreckage of a vehicle lies on a road in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv on February 25, 2022.SERGEI SUPINSKY/AFP/Getty Images36 of 45Ukrainian servicemen walk around fragments of a downed aircraft in Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.Oleksandr Ratushniak/The Associated Press37 of 45Servicemen of the Ukrainian National Guard take positions in central Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.GLEB GARANICH/Reuters38 of 45People leave Kyiv after Russia continues massive military operating against Ukraine on February 25, 2022.GLEB GARANICH/Reuters39 of 45People rest on the floor of a metro station, which is being used as an air raid shelter, in Kyiv, Ukraine on February 25, 2022.IRAKLI GEDENIDZE/Reuters40 of 45People queue to donate blood for the army at the Blood Service Center in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv on February 25, 2022.YURIY DYACHYSHYN/AFP/Getty Images41 of 45People donate blood for the army at the Blood Service Center in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv on February 25, 2022.YURIY DYACHYSHYN/AFP/Getty Images42 of 45Ukrainian families fleeing the conflict in their country are seen walking along a road near the Hungarian-Ukrainian border crossing near Beregsurany, Hungary on February 25, 2022.ATTILA KISBENEDEK/AFP/Getty Images43 of 45People sit in a bus heading to the border crossing between Poland and Ukraine on February 25, 2022.KACPER PEMPEL/Reuters44 of 45People from Ukraine who have fled the violence and crossed the border into Poland are offered coffee in Medyka on February 25, 2022.BRYAN WOOLSTON/Reuters45 of 45The Globe in Eastern EuropeVideo: Reaction in RussiaAnti-war protesters took to the streets of St. Petersburg on Thursday to protest against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Hundreds were arrested there and at similar protests in more than 50 cities.The Globe and MailOur Morning Update and Evening Update newsletters are written by Globe editors, giving you a concise summary of the day’s most important headlines. . 
20220225_160119_ken_C000494_A000005	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/2022-02-25-the-significance-of-kicc-in-the-unfolding-political-events/	KEN	In 2003, the government took over the Kenyatta International Convention Center after hosting the former ruling party, Kenya Africa National Union since 1989.During the takeover, Raphael Tuju was then Tourism and Information Minister.The former Minister had then accused the ‘baba na mama’ party of moving into KICC on political grounds and that KANU had failed to remit any payments.KANU has all along been claiming ownership of the landmark building.KICC has, however, been taken over by the state and has since been made a parastatal.The Convention is currently a Meetings, Incentives, and Conference Centre (MICE) destination, tasked with positioning Kenya as a favourable destination for Meetings, Incentive Travel, Events, and Exhibitions.On Friday, Tuju was again at the building, this time around, to strengthen the Jubilee Party.The strengthening of the party comes days after it got divorced from Deputy President William Ruto.Initially, Uhuru and Ruto ascended to power using The National Alliance (TNA) and United Republican Party (URP) respectively.However, twelve political parties including TNA and URP wound up forming Jubilee Party on September 8, 2016.Other parties that wound up included Grand National Union (GNU), The Independent Party (TIP), and Ford People.Other parties were the United Democratic Forum (UDF), New Ford Kenya (NFK), Alliance Party of Kenya (APK), Republican Congress (RC), and Unity Party of Kenya (UPK) also dissolved.Party of National Unity (PNU) dissolved.Following the merger, members of the 12 political parties were deemed to be members of the Jubilee Party. The merger of political parties as provided for in the Political Parties (Amendment) Act, 2016. The significance of KICC in some of the historic political milestones, however, stands out.It is at KICC that the launch of The National Alliance (TNA) was done by President Uhuru Kenyatta in 2012.On Friday, KICC hosted Jubilee party delegates for a two-day National Delegates Conference.Tuju and Jubilee Party Vice Chairman David Murathe were at hand to receive eight parties that signed cooperation agreements ahead of the launch of Azimio la Umoja launch expected to be graced by President Uhuru Kenyatta on Saturday.Among the parties that have signed the pre-election pact with Jubilee includes Kenya Union Party (KUP) associated with West Pokot Governor John Lonyang’apuo, Pamoja African Alliance associated with Kilifi Governor Amason Kingi, and Party of National Unity led by Peter Munya.Others are the United Progressive Alliance associated with Nyamira Governor Amos Nyaribo and the United Party of Independent alliance (UPIA) associated with Treasury CS Ukur Yatani.Others expected to join the Azimio include One Kenya Alliance headed by Kalonzo Musyoka, Gideon Moi (KANU), and Cyrus Jirongo (United Democratic Party) with sources indicating that OKA will join as a coalition.“We are happy to receive the parties that have so far signed cooperation of framework,” Tuju said.The Secretary-General said that the parties are joining together to reinforce the unity as the country heads to the general election.Tuju said that the unity of the country is paramount and Kenyans should support the Azimio la Umoja.“What we are doing today is sign a cooperation agreement with party leaders and they have appointed Jubilee party to negotiate for them in Azimio la Umoja,” he said.Tuju added that the details of the agreement will be reviewed before the general election adding that the signing of the agreements was in itself historic.Other parties that have shown interest in supporting Odinga’s candidature include the Democratic Action Party of Kenya (DAP-K) associated with Defence CS Eugene Wamalwa and the United Democratic Party associated with former Lugari MP Cyrus Jirongo.But even as parties signed cooperation frameworks at KICC, the statue of the founding President Mzee Jomo Kenyatta, stood tall, giving a lot of significance to the activities taking place here.On Saturday, it is expected that President Kenyatta will Saturday attend the last NDC as Jubilee Party leader at KICC.Divorce riteThe ruling Jubilee party has already unveiled a major rebrand exercise, affirming final divorce rites with DP Ruto.Ruto has irretrievably fallen out with his boss and is engaged in a bare-knuckled political fight over succession politics.Already, the National Management Committee-the partys ruthless organ with unfettered powers- has approved radical changes to Jubilees outlook.At the same time, Jubilee is changing its symbol to a dove, the symbol that was used by Uhurus former TNA outfit.The dove will assume red colours in a circled white background.The dove will replace the palm handshake that depicted the marriage between Uhuru and Ruto.Severing the ties with Ruto further, Jubilee has also adopted a new slogan Mbele Pamoja, dumping the Tuko Pamoja one. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000515_A000020	africa.businessinsider.com	https://africa.businessinsider.com/tech-insider/5-ways-to-troubleshoot-when-your-airpod-case-is-not-charging/mvy0t2f	KEN	Most of the time, your should work flawlessly, and that means your should be able to deliver about 30 hours of listening time without needing to top off at an electrical outlet. Sometimes, though, even your AirPods case can suffer a glitch and not charge properly, throwing a wrench in your on-the-go lifestyle. Here are the most common ways to resolve a problem when your AirPods charging case isnt actually charging. Know how to read the charging signals Is your AirPods case charging when its plugged in or sitting on its charging pad? You need to know how to read the signs. First, look for the charging status light. When you first plug the case in, you should see the charging light come on (but itll go off automatically after about 10 seconds, and thats okay). Another handy indicator that the case is charging: Put your AirPods in their case and close the lid. Plug the case into its charging cable (you need a charging cable, not a wireless charging pad for this test). Open the lid and bring the case close to your iPhone. The AirPods status screen should appear, indicating the charge in both the AirPods and the case. Because the case is plugged in and charging, you should see a small lightning bolt next to the battery symbol for the earbuds and case. If the case doesnt have a lightning bolt, then you know you have some kind of charging problem. Try a different charging pad, or use a cable If you have a wireless charging case and you are trying to charge it wirelessly, try swapping to a different wireless pad to make sure thats not the problem. Even better: Switch to using a charging cable. If the cable works, you know that the problem is either the cases wireless charging system or the charging pad youre trying to use. Make sure the charging case is plugged into reliable power As a general rule, you should be able to plug your AirPods case in almost anywhere to charge it your computers USB port, a wall outlet, USB hub, and so on. But if its not charging properly, try to reduce the possible variables. Plug the AirPods into a USB port or wall outlet you know works properly; ideally, one you just verified with a different device. If in doubt, try connecting it to a few different power sources and with a couple of different charging cables. Clean your cases Lighting port If your case isnt charging when you insert a charging cable, its possible theres some debris in the port thats blocking the cable this is especially likely if you often carry the case around in your pocket, where lint has a chance to get inserted in the port. The solution? carefully, with a particular emphasis on removing debris from the port with a non-metal apparatus. Contact Apple customer service If none of these troubleshooting steps can seem to restore your cases ability to charge, contact . You might have a hardware problem and the case may need replacement. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000604_A000013	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/how-us-could-tighten-sanctions-russia-2022-02-25/	ISR	A view shows the logo of Sber (Sberbank) at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) in Saint Petersburg, Russia, June 5, 2021. REUTERS/Evgenia NovozheninaRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comWASHINGTON, Feb 25 (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on Russia in retaliation for its invasion of Ukraine, targeting major banks and members of the elite coupled with new export control measures.Washington warned that more action could follow and that all options are on the table. The below are some ways in which the United States could further escalate sanctions on Russia.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comSANCTIONS ON PUTINThe United States could take the rare but not unprecedented step of imposing sanctions on a head of state and designate Russian President Vladimir Putin.The United States has in the past imposed sanctions on heads of state, including on Venezuelas Nicolas Maduro and Syrias Bashar al-Assad.The EU on Friday agreed to freeze any European assets of Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. SWIFTAnother option could be shutting Russia out of SWIFT - the worlds main international payments network - which would hit Russian trade and make it harder for Russian companies to do business. SWIFT is a secure messaging system that facilitates rapid cross-border payments and has become the principal mechanism for financing international trade.In 2020, around 38 million SWIFT FIN messages were sent each day over the SWIFT platform, according to its 2020 annual review. Each year, trillions of dollars are transferred using the system.Asked why Washington did not shut Russia out of the payment system in Thursdays action, U.S. President Joe Biden said the sanctions that were rolled out against Russian banks incurred equal consequence, if not more.It is always an option, but right now thats not the position that the rest of Europe wishes to take, Biden said.The EU is looking at what the consequences would be of cutting Russia off from SWIFT, Frances finance minister said on Friday. Some countries are reluctant over concerns about how payments for Russian energy imports would be made and whether EU creditors would get paid. OLIGARCHSThe Treasury this week imposed sanctions on what it said were Russian elites, including on some with ties to Sberbank, VTB, Rosneft and the Federal Security Service (FSB). Brian OToole, a former U.S. Treasury Department official now with the Atlantic Council, said the United States could also impose sanctions on more significant Russian oligarchs.OToole said those listed in Thursdays action were not the major tycoons.TIGHTENED SANCTIONS ON BANKS, FIRMSAnother option could include tightening sanctions on banks and firms the United States targeted in Thursdays action but did not designate using its most powerful sanctioning tool, the Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) list.Washington said U.S. banks must sever their correspondent banking ties - which allow banks to make payments between one another and move money around the globe - with Russias largest lender, Sberbank , but did not freeze its assets.It also expanded the scope of existing curbs on U.S. persons dealing in the debt and equity of Russian state-owned enterprises. The restrictions apply to 13 firms, including Gazprombank, the Russian Agricultural Bank, and Gazprom.Washington could tighten the restrictions on those entities and add them to the SDN list, a move that effectively kicks them out of the U.S. financial system, bans their trade with Americans and freezes their U.S. assets.We still have all options on the table. We have room to further escalate as Russias aggression escalates, a senior U.S. administration official said.OIL COMPANIESWashington could decide to go after Russian oil companies, which it has so far largely held back from doing.The Biden administration has seemed concerned that its sanctions could trigger higher energy prices and has taken steps to mitigate those effects, including by issuing a general license on Thursday authorizing energy-related transactions involving certain banks until June 24.The official on Thursday said: We know there are going to be some costs that we have to bear, but our goal is to mitigate those and thats why we stayed away from targeting energy.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Daphne Psaledakis; Additional reporting by David Lawder, Andrea Shalal and Alexandra Alper; Editing by Rosalba OBrienOur Standards: 
20220225_160119_gha_C000630_A000012	www.france24.com	https://www.france24.com/en/france/20220225-political-animals-paris-agricultural-fair-is-time-honoured-ritual-for-presidential-candidates	GHA	Affectionately known as the biggest farm in France, the Paris International Agricultural Show, a nine-day fair spread over a vast exhibition lot on the French capitals southwestern edge, is the nations showcase for the best the countryside has to offer, from livestock to terroir delicacies, primed for prestigious competition. But in an election year, the events straw-strewn aisles are also home to another preening breed: that political beast known as the French presidential candidate. Last years edition of the , cancelled over Covid-19, was the first-ever break with a hallowed tradition. The 58th running of the fair began on Saturday and runs through March 6, little more than a month before of on . Even as war raged in Ukraine, President said he would attend the fairs opening day, poised as he is to announce his bid for re-election any day now. And few, if any, of Macrons challengers for the Élysée Palace can afford to skip the affair, either. They know where their bread is buttered, quite literally.Its a compulsory figure in a presidential election. Every candidate must go, to show their attachment to traditions, to the terroir (land), to Frances farming community, political historian Christian Delporte told FRANCE 24.The big advantage of the Salon de lAgriculture is that you have all of France in one place. All of rural France, all of farming France, sure, but all of France anyway, added Delporte, a professor of contemporary history at the University of Versailles. And so, going from stand to stand, in a way one is visiting each region and one is linked to that terroir, so the symbolism is strong. French President Emmanuel Macron drinks wine during a visit to the International Agriculture Fair (Salon de lAgriculture) at the Porte de Versailles exhibition center in Paris, on February 22, 2020. © Christophe Petit Tesson/Pool via AP Since the Salons first edition in 1964 – when farmers across the country first settled their breeding animals onto trains headed for the big show in the capital and 300,000 visitors turned out to greet them – the Salon de lAgriculture has drawn eager crowds in Paris. Families turn out for the petting zoo. And few are impervious to the lure of the fairs glorious larder, with products from every French region competing for prizes in the 152-year-old Concours Général Agricole: contest-worthy wines and beers, honeys, jams and chocolates, butters and cheeses, charcuterie, foie gras and oysters, to sample and to bring home. Even as Frances rural and farming populations dwindled – some 80 percent of the countrys residents today live in urban settings – the allure of the nations favourite makeshift farm grew, with as many as 700,000 attending in 2014.After all, Delporte points out, city-dwellers have ties to the countryside, too. They have regional ties, rural ties. Even many Parisians. There arent many pure Parisians ... Except maybe me, and even I live in the countryside now, the historian laughed. The idea that one has roots somewhere in France is very important. Thats not unique to France, but its very important.Although Salon organisers adapt the show to the times – this edition spotlights AgriTech start-ups and bio-sourced materials – there is a trusty rhythm and a lore to the proceedings. Every edition, by tradition, chooses a star cow to feature on billboards, and bus and metro adverts. This year, the celebrity bovine is one Neige (Snow), a 4-year-old Abondance specimen born on an Alpine ski piste just under a chairlift at the Grand-Bornand, where herds graze in summer. The Salon, to be sure, isnt a holiday for the thousands of animals on site; some 360 cows produce 40,000 litres of milk over the nine-day event. But the Salon de lAgricultures true beasts of burden, it seems, are the politicians. Reporters hit the stopwatch as presidents and presidential candidates arrive, roaming the fairs eight pavilions for hours on end, gladhanding farmers and bystanders, petting livestock and sampling nibbles and tipples galore.Chirac and charcuterieIn the marathon that is the Salon de lAgriculture for a French politician, former conservative president was the undisputed pacesetter. A Paris-born bon vivant and one-time agriculture minister with long-standing links to the rural Corrčze, Chiracs gift for the gab with farmers and his bottomless appetite for the finer things at the Salon were legendary. In 30 years, Chirac famously missed the fair only once, in 1979, when he was hospitalised after a car crash. French President Jacques Chirac (R) holds a lamb as he inaugurates the 35th Agriculture Show in Paris on March 1, 1998. © Gerard Fouet, AFP The Guinness Book of Records of the Salon de lAgriculture was created by Jacques Chirac, Delporte mused. All of the presidents and all of the candidates are imitating Chirac, in a way.Chiracs successor in the Élysée Palace notoriously couldnt bottle the legends magic. caught flak at the 2008 edition of the fair, his first as president, when he was telling a bystander who had refused to shake his hand to get lost then, you poor schmuck. VIDEO Running for president in 2012, Socialist Party candidate spent 12 hours at the Salon on a single day, only to return for 10 straight hours the following year as president. As a presidential candidate in 2017, Macron was struck on the head with a raw egg levied by some disgruntled fair-goer. Undeterred, the centrist returned the following year as president and stayed 12 consecutive hours, before beating Hollandes record in 2019 with a 14-hour performance. During his last stint at the fair, for 12 hours in 2020, Macron weathered a storm of criticism, at turns from Yellow Vest protesters and the farmers unhappy with his plan (later rolled back) to ban the pesticide glyphosate.Indeed, for any president or presidential candidate, a tour of the Salon de lAgriculture is a dicey endeavour. Although the itinerary is scrupulously planned, with cherry-picked interlocutors, there are too many variables at play to control everything. French President Francois Hollande (R) eats cheese as he visits the International Agricultural fair in Paris, on February 25, 2017. Presidential advisor Gaspard Gantzer (centre, red scarf) recently called the presidential visits to the Salon an extremely delicate exercise. © Christian Hartmann, Pool via AFP As an adviser for Hollande, Gaspard Gantzer prepared the presidents Salon visits meticulously. Gantzer explained recently how fraught the event could be, regardless. Its an extremely delicate exercise because its very long, sometimes around 10 hours on site, and anything can happen at any moment because there are angry people, obviously, among the professionals, but there are also all those unknown visitors that one cant check out beforehand and who can call out to the president at any time, he said.Hostility was on display a lot at those Salons. We saw some very difficult ones where there were boos, even spitting, Gantzer continued. Every time, Hollande succeeded in bringing things back to a dialogue, but the images from a media standpoint were very bad because they often retained only the worst of those visits.Of course, even when the exercise is a pleasant one, it can be perilous. A positively glowing prime minister , looking the worse for wear in 2015 after striding over a barrier at the Salon for an improvised hello on live television, all but admitted on air that his wine-laden tasting tour of the gastronomy hall was to blame. VIDEO Thats what the Salon de lAgriculture is about, too. Showing ones attachment to habits, to customs, to living the good life in the French style, Delporte explained. So one must eat, drink and savour.There are some exceptions to the must-attend rule. In 2017, far-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon was the only major presidential hopeful to skip his star turn at the Salon, instead airing his contempt for what he called the production model of agriculture while empathising with the permanently difficult lives of farmers. An agriculture respectful of human beings and the environment cannot be capitalist because capitalism is not compatible with the long view of small-holder and ecological farming, he insisted.President , a Socialist with well-known rural ties, officially attended only once, on the campaign trail before winning his first of two consecutive terms in 1981. Reportedly leery of right-leaning agricultural unions, Mitterrand is said to have told advisers urging him to attend, .A poor showing at the Salon isnt necessarily a harbinger of doom, either. Campaigning for the presidency in 2002, far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen was , the windscreen of his car hit with a plastic bottle as he was driven away. But the grizzled populists against Chirac was just weeks away, and Le Pen would achieve that feat with disproportionate support from farmers.What about the 2022 presidential race?In the run up to this edition of the Salon de lAgriculture, much has been made of well-liked current agriculture minister Julien Denormandie, a longtime Macron ally and agronomy engineer by trade, being tipped as the favourite to direct the incumbents re-election campaign whenever Macron finally throws his hat in the ring. That prospect alone suggests high ambitions, at least, for Macrons performance at the Salon.Conservative candidate has long boasted that her first mentor in politics was Jacques Chirac. And she has sought to play up her association (by marriage) to Chiracs beloved rural Corrčze. But without his popular touch, Pécresses cityslicker image – she presides over the greater Paris area and lives in Versailles – has proven hard to shake so far.On the left, Mélenchon on Thursday said he would skip the Salon once again. His campaign announced he would advocate instead for small-holder agriculture, the end of pesticides and respecting the planets limits in the French overseas territory of La Réunion in the Indian Ocean.Beyond farming, Greens candidate , has drawn the ire of rural voters for his proposal (echoed by Mélenchon) to ban hunting at weekends and school holidays. The stance earned new urgency, and headlines, last weekend after a 25-year-old hiker was killed on a marked trail, struck by a wild-boar hunters stray bullet. France has the largest number of hunters in Europe – some 1 million hold permits for the practice – and hunting is strongly tied to rural identity in the public imagination. Pledging restrictions on hunting, then, is fraught at the ballot box in rural communities – not to mention the countrys premier rural showcase. Jadot, who also serves as an MEP, said he would forego his appearance at the Salon scheduled for Tuesday, owing to a meeting of the European Parliament on the war in Ukraine. National Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen (2nd right) and his daughter Marine, running to preside the Greater Paris Ile-de-France region in 2004 regional elections, visit the Salon de lAgriculture in Paris on March 1, 2004. © Joel Robine, AFP What about the ? Anti-Europe sentiment tends to play well among farmers (a paradox, some note, given the generous support French agriculture receives from the European Union). But in the dogfight at Frances right-wing extreme, Marine Le Pen may have the advantage over , not least due to her long experience at the agricultural fair. She campaigned there alongside her party-founder father as early as 2004 while standing for regional office. Now on her third bid for the French presidency, after watching her father wage five of his own, she knows how to talk to farmers. There is no hostility in the farming world with regard to Marine Le Pen, Delporte noted.Zemmour, meanwhile, is a newcomer to presidential politics, a pundit-turned-politician with a lot more to prove in that area. Zemmour is purely urban. I mean, he grew up in Seine-Saint-Denis (the suburbs north of Paris) and has lived in Paris his whole life. So he will probably have a little more trouble than the others showing he knows the farming world, Delporte surmised. Slipping on rubber boots at a farm is not what shows you are close to farmers. And you have to show the people you talk to that you know something about their métiers.Its a word to the wise that any candidate at the Salon might well take to heart. Another tip? Consider skipping breakfast. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000665_A000009	www.washingtonpost.com	https://www.washingtonpost.com/history/2022/02/25/zelensky-family-jewish-holocaust/	ISR	Placeholder while article actions loadDays before Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky assumed office, he made a trip to his hometown of Kryvyi Rih. There, he visited a cemetery and laid flowers on the grave of his grandfather, Semyon Ivanovich Zelensky, who fought in the Soviet Union’s Red Army during World War II.It was May 9 — Victory Day in Ukraine — and a day of “thanksgiving,” he wrote in a .“[Semyon] went through the whole war and remain[s] forever in my memory one of those heroes who defended Ukraine from the Nazis,” he wrote. “Thanks for the fact that the inhuman ideology of Nazism is forever a thing of the past. Thanks to those who fought against Nazism — and won.”This touching statement would seem strange this week if one were to believe Russian President Vladimir Putin’s pretext for invading the country. One of the goals of the “special military operation,” as he called it, was to “denazify” Ukraine.The claim is ridiculous on its face. Not only is Ukraine’s leader Jewish, many of his relatives were killed by Nazis in the Holocaust.In January 2020, during the commemoration in Israel of the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, Zelensky told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu two stories of some of his country’s bravest heroes during the war: a Crimean Muslim woman and a Catholic priest who each saved scores of Jewish children.Then, he said, he had one more story “about a family of four brothers.”“Three of them, their parents and their families became victims of the Holocaust. All of them were shot by German occupiers who invaded Ukraine,” he said. “The fourth brother survived. … Two years after the war, he had a son, and in 31 years, he had a grandson. In 40 more years, that grandson became president, and he is standing before you today, Mr. Prime Minister.”Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Feb. 24 that he remained in the country despite being “target No. 1” for Russian forces. (Video: Reuters)In an interview with the the same month, Zelensky said his great-grandfather and his grandfather’s three brothers all fought in the Soviet army that but his grandfather was the only one to return home.A grandmother escaped in an evacuation of Jews to Kazakhstan, he said. She returned to Kryvyi Rih after the war and became a teacher. Zelensky said he grew up in an “ordinary Soviet Jewish family,” which was to say, not very religious, since “religion didn’t exist in the Soviet state as such.”The U.S. Holocaust Memorial and Museum on Thursday Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, saying Putin had “misrepresented and misappropriated Holocaust history.”The Holocaust entered a new phase in 1941 with the invasion of Eastern Europe, including Ukraine, the museum said. Rather than ship Jews to concentration camps, mobile squads of Nazis began killing Jewish men, women and children in places like Babi Yar, where more than 33,000 were shot to death, their bodies dumped in a ravine.More than 1 million Jewish Ukrainians were killed during the Holocaust.As president, Zelensky has overseen name changes to many old Soviet monuments and street names to those of Ukrainian heroes, including Ukrainian Jews. A new Holocaust Memorial Center at Babi Yar was expected to open in 2023. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000771_A000038	nypost.com	https://nypost.com/2022/02/25/man-hospitalized-after-shoving-aa-battery-down-penis/	ISR	It was a case of self-assault and battery. An Iranian man was forced to go to the emergency room after shoving a AA battery down his penis in a grotesque stunt worthy of the new Discovery+ series The fiasco came to light after the unnamed 49-year-old reported to a hospital in Tehran, where he informed doctors that he had the charging device lodged in his genital organ for 24 hours, according to a new case study published in the medical journal During a followup visit, the patient complained of a “recurrence of obstructive and irritating urinary symptoms including dysuria, decreased urinary force.” He also reportedly experienced a burning sensation whenever he tried to urinate. Meanwhile, subsequent X-rays revealed “severe and progressive” scarring to his urethra, which mitigated the amount of fluids that could flow through the tube. Doctors surmised that the scar tissue build-up could’ve been caused by toxic chemicals in the battery. The patient never revealed his inspiration for the log jam, however surgeons observed that patients shove items in their urethras for a number of factors, including “psychiatric illness, autoeroticism, intoxication and perceived contraception.” However, medics found the man’s case particularly odd as he didn’t have a history of mental illness. Medics found the man’s case particularly odd as he didn’t have a history of mental illness. Science Direct Inspiration notwithstanding, leaving batteries in one’s privates for extended periods can reportedly cause infection, gangrene and even erectile dysfunction, per the study. To prevent permanent damage, surgeons sliced open the patient’s perineum — the tissue connecting his penis and anus — so they could access the urethra without harming his testicles. They then removed the energizing infiltrator and used a skin graft from the inside of his cheeks and lips to repair the urethral damage. The man was discharged from the hospital after a three-week observation period, whereupon a six-month checkup revealed that he had fully recovered from the phallic fiasco. This isn’t the first time a patient has reported to the hospital with an unlikely item in their willy. Earlier this month, a lodged in his penis during a botched attempt at sexual gratification. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000102_A000022	www.androidheadlines.com	https://www.androidheadlines.com/2022/02/whatsapp-adds-a-search-message-shortcut-for-finding-specific-messages.html	PAK	has been continuously upgrading its app in terms of features. Though apps such as Telegram are already ahead when it comes to some features, WhatsApp is playing the catch-up game here.Now, the latest report by shows that WhatsApp has added one more convenient feature to its app. Notably, WhatsApp has introduced a search message shortcut within the app for an even better experience.Using this shortcut, users will be able to find specific messages from a chat or a group. Though this may sound familiar to the search message option WhatsApp already has, it works a bit differently.As per the report, users will be able to search for specific messages using this WhatsApp search message shortcut right from the info page of personal contacts and groups.This means you do not need to open the personal chat or a group chat and then hit the 3-dot icon and select the Search option to search for messages.The WhatsApp search message shortcut was spotted in beta version 2.22.6.3WABetaInfo spotted this WhatsApp search message shortcut in the latest beta version 2.22.6.3 of the Android app. Moreover, the feature is currently rolling out to a small group of testers.However, there is a slight glitch for even those small groups of testers for whom the WhatsApp search message shortcut feature is live. Notably, the shortcut fails to appear sometimes.That is a part and parcel of the beta testing, after all. So, if you are also experiencing this issue within the WhatsApp beta version, then you are not alone.Apart from this, there is no official information on when WhatsApp will bring this feature to the stable version of the app. There are chances that this feature could roll out soon in the future.Recently, the app picked up an , which brought in rounded grey background. It shows the contact name, number, and profile picture, along with the call duration on top.WhatsApp is also expected to receive a bunch of other features. This includes the ability to send message reactions. Once the feature is live, users will be able to react to messages, with one of the six emojis.Other Meta apps, such as Instagram and Facebook, allow you to react to a message with any emoji of your liking. So, this is a limited feature. However, it may get the option to use any emoji with future updates. 
20220225_160119_eth_C000227_A000023	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2022/feb/25/prince-harry-not-given-enough-information-when-police-protection-pulled-court-told	ETH	The Duke of Sussex received “insufficient information” about a decision to change his taxpayer-funded police protection when he is in the UK, the high court has heard.Prince Harry has brought a against the Home Office after being told he would not be given the “same degree” of personal protective security when visiting the UK from the US – despite him offering to pay for it himself.The court was previously told that the prince would not feel safe when visiting the UK with his family under current security arrangements.Harry is challenging the decision made by the executive committee for the protection of royalty and public figures (Ravec) from February 2020, which has delegated powers from the .The argument being made by the prince’s legal team is that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep his family safe.At the first hearing for the case occurred on Friday, Harry was not present. Although the preliminary proceedings were largely held in private, during an initial public part of the hearing, the judge, Justice Smith, summarised the four grounds forming the basis of the prince’s legal argument.He said these included an alleged “over rigid application of the policy” and a “failure” to take into account “relevant considerations”.The grounds also claim that conclusions reached were “unreasonable” and that “insufficient information” was provided in relation to the Ravec policy and “those involved in the Ravec decision”, the judge said.Shaheed Fatima QC, who is representing Harry, provided the judge with two letters “on the membership of Ravec”.She told the court that “we’ve been asking about the membership”, later adding that this would relate to “the relevance of the claimant’s knowledge about who he was dealing with and in what capacity”.A legal representative for Prince Harry previously said he wanted to fund the security himself, rather than ask taxpayers to foot the bill.In written submissions, Robert Palmer QC, representing the Home Office, argued that Harry’s offer to pay for his own security was “irrelevant” and that “personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately financed basis”.The Home Office’s written arguments also claim that the prince’s offer of funding was “notably not advanced to Ravec” at the time of Harry’s visit in June 2021, or in any pre-action discussions.Justice Swift is expected to give his ruling on the initial court proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. 
20220225_160119_nam_C000247_A000038	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/lifestyle/health/lung-function-in-premenopausal-postmenopausal-women-can-decline-due-to-obesity-101645845472643.html	NAM	Obesity has been shown to affect the risk of airway obstructive diseases and can lead to a decline in lung function. A new study suggested that abdominal obesity may result in a greater risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma in premenopausal and postmenopausal .The study was published in the journal The North American Menopause Society (NAMS).According to previous studies, women experience greater function impairment and have a higher risk of developing COPD than men, despite less exposure to smoke. Female smokers experience a more rapid decline in lung function between 45 and 50 years of age, compared with male smokers. The hospitalisation rate of asthma is also higher in women than in men. It is also believed that female hormones contribute to the greater incidence of asthma in women.ALSO READ: The incidence of COPD in people who are obese is significantly higher than in those of normal weight. In addition, women who are obese are more likely to experience asthma than men who are obese.Until now, little has been known about the effects of obesity on COPD and asthma in women before and after menopause. This new study, based on data collected from more than one million women, aimed to determine the effect of BMI and waist circumference on COPD and asthma development in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.The researchers concluded that, regardless of menopause status, high BMI and waist circumference were found to significantly increase the risk of COPD and asthma. Moreover, the higher the BMI and waist circumference, the greater the risk. In addition, being underweight was also identified as a risk factor for COPD in postmenopausal women, suggesting that controlling weight and maintaining a healthy body shape are key to helping prevent COPD and asthma in women.Study results were published in the article Obesity and abdominal obesity are risk factors for airway obstructive diseases in Korean women: nationwide population-based cohort study.This study highlights yet another detrimental effect of obesity and abdominal adiposity in women and specifically identified that women with a high BMI and/or waist circumference had a greater risk of developing COPD and asthma. In addition to avoiding tobacco use, maintaining a healthy body weight and composition may help reduce the incidence of COPD and asthma in women, said Dr Stephanie Faubion, NAMS medical director. This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed. 
20220225_160119_mys_C000261_A000007	www.thestar.com.my	https://www.thestar.com.my/news/nation/2022/02/26/covid-19-slight-dip-in-daily-cases-to-30644-on-friday-feb-25	MYS	PETALING JAYA: Malaysia recorded a slight dip in daily Covid-19 cases, with 30,644 infections recorded on Friday (Feb 25), says the Health Ministry. The ministrys CovidNow portal reported that 30,387 of the new cases were local transmissions while there were 257 imported cases. This brings the total number of Covid-19 infections in Malaysia to 3,367,871 cases since the pandemic began. The portal also reported that there were currently 294,430 active Covid-19 infections in the country, an increase of 7,909 infections. Some 95.8% of the the active cases, or 282,073 individuals, are undergoing home quarantine and 4,076 patients, or 1.4% of the total active cases, have been sent to low-risk treatment and quarantine centres. Only 2.8% of the active cases, or 8,281 individuals, have been admitted to hospitals, with 332 admitted to intensive care units (ICUs). Malaysia also recorded 22,678 recoveries on Friday, bringing the total number of people who have recovered from Covid-19 in the country to 3,040850 since the pandemic began. There were 57 deaths due to Covid-19 on Friday, with 14 classified as brought-in-dead. This brings the total number of deaths in the country due to Covid-19 to 32,591 since the pandemic began. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000263_A000020	pocketnow.com	https://pocketnow.com/iphone-13-was-king-global-smartphone-revenue-record-breaking-numbers-2021	ISR	Latest Articles Todays best deals come from Amazon.com, where you will find several outstanding products on sale, including the Razer Book 13 laptop, the Amazon Echo Dot, and more By Samuel Martinez May 26, 2022, 6:00 pm OPPO has officially introduced the Reno 8 series, containing the OPPO Reno 8, OPPO Reno 8 Pro, and OPPO Reno 8 Pro+. Heres everything you need to know. By Sanuj Bhatia May 26, 2022, 5:26 pm Check out Samsungs latest Memorial Day deals, where you will find crazy savings on the Galaxy Z Fold 3, Galaxy Z Flip 3, and more By Samuel Martinez May 26, 2022, 2:54 pm This article will show you some of the best rugged, slim and lightweight, transparent, and colorful cases that we could find on Amazon for the Motorola Moto G Power 2022. By Roland Udvarlaki May 26, 2022, 1:20 pm According to a new report, people familiar with the matter said that Google had delayed the Google Pixel Notepad once again, and its not expected to debut until at least next spring. By Roland Udvarlaki May 26, 2022, 9:30 am Check out the latest deals available on some of the best Huawei laptops, where you will find the Huawei MateBook D 15, and many more on sale By Samuel Martinez May 26, 2022, 8:00 am Google will reportedly use a new type of file format, called the EROFS file system, in Android 13. Wondering what it is? Heres everything that you need to know. By Sanuj Bhatia May 26, 2022, 6:45 am Todays best deals include tons of outstanding products, including the OnePlus 10 Pro, the Nintendo Switch Lite, Beats headphones, and more By Samuel Martinez May 25, 2022, 5:58 pm Planning to buy an Apple product? You might want to hit that buy button right away. Heres why! By Sanuj Bhatia May 25, 2022, 4:34 pm Samsungs Memorial Day Deals are now featuring the Samsung Galaxy Buds 2, so head over to Samsung.com and pick up a pair By Samuel Martinez May 25, 2022, 2:03 pm 
20220225_160119_eth_C000276_A000022	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_a03_finally_makes_it_to_india-news-53335.php	ETH	The that was initially announced back in November has been available already in some markets, but not India. Today the Korean company has made the first step in rectifying that, by officially launching it for the Indian market. The device is already , and it seems like theres only one RAM/storage combination for India: 3/32GB. At least if we go by Samsungs website. However, according to FoneArena, it should also be available from retail stores in a 4/64GB configuration. Surely you are by now wondering about the price. The entry-level model goes for INR 10,499, while the upper one is priced at INR 11,999. These are incidentally from a retailers internal system just a few days ago. The Galaxy A03 comes with a 6.5-inch 720x1600 HD+ LCD display with V-shaped notch in the middle housing the 5 MP front camera, the Unisoc T606 chipset, a 48 MP rear camera with LED flash and 2 MP depth sensor, a 3.5mm headphone jack, and a 5,000 mAh battery. It runs Android 11 with One UI Core 3.1 on top, and has dual-SIM support with a dedicated microSD card slot too. 
20220225_160119_can_C000282_A000029	www.sportsnet.ca	https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/manfred-joins-in-mlb-lockout-talks-appear-to-gain-momentum/	CAN	JUPITER, Fla. — Baseball players and owners took a first step toward salvaging opening day, nearing agreement Friday on an amateur draft lottery during lockout negotiations that included a surprise one-on-one meeting between Commissioner Rob Manfred and union head Tony Clark. While an agreement on the draft was not complete, the talks gained momentum for the first time as Major League Baseball’s end of Monday deadline approached for a deal that would preserve opening day on March 31 and a 162-game schedule. Talks will continue Saturday, the 87th day of baseball’s first work stoppage since 1995. The sides remain far apart on the big-money issues of the competitive balance tax thresholds and rates, salary arbitration eligibility, the size of a bonus pool for pre-arbitration-eligible players and the minimum salary. In another sign of the disruption caused by baseball’s ninth work stoppage, MLB canceled three more days of spring training games through March 7. Exhibition games were to have begun Saturday. But for the first time all week, both sides expressed a feeling they had moved in a positive direction. Manfred had a meeting with Clark in June 2020 during pandemic restart talks that produced disagreement over what transpired and sparked a still-pending grievance over the length of the season. Manfred had not attended bargaining since the first session of these talks in April. He has a home in the area and had been in the background at the ballpark during the first four days this week, speaking with management officials. The players’ association had not known he was in the area, and Manfred surprised the union Friday when he asked for a one-on-one meeting with Clark. Manfred then made the short walk from the offices near home plate where management officials had grouped, crossed the small driveway behind the right-field foul pole and entered the building containing the Cardinals spring training clubhouse, where players had gathered. He walked back about 20 minutes later. The day included three negotiating sessions, a high for any day this week. In an effort to address the union’s claim that teams are giving up on winning in an effort to gain a top pick in the amateur draft, MLB had proposed the top selections be determined by a lottery, such as the NBA began in 1985 and the NHL a decade later. MLB has offered to have the first four picks determined by a lottery in which the teams with the three lowest winning percentages would have the best chances of getting the top pick. The union asked for the first seven selections to be sorted by lottery. The sides exchanged proposals Friday on the number of lottery picks, adjustments and penalties, moving closer to agreement on format. For the first time in months of negotiations, there was immediate back and forth: MLB made a proposal, the union caucused and countered, and management is to respond Saturday. Discussions also covered other areas and were described as spirited and at times emotional. Management’s delegation included Yankees managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner, Colorado CEO Dick Monfort, Deputy Commissioner Dan Halem and Executive Vice President Morgan Sword. Clark led players who included Max Scherzer, Andrew Miller and Zack Britton from the union’s eight-man executive subcommittee. Players have not accepted Monday as a deadline and have suggested any missed games could be made up as part of doubleheaders, a method MLB said it will not agree to. Once Monday passes, the length of the schedule would become yet another issue in the dispute along with possible lost pay and service time. The union has told MLB if games are missed and salaries are lost, clubs should not expect players to agree to management’s proposals to expand the postseason and to allow advertisements on uniforms and helmets. 
20220225_160119_nga_C000293_A000009	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/why-its-difficult-to-increase-varsity-lecturers-salaries-fg/	NGA	Published 26 February 2022 The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige has said that any proposed increase in allowances and salaries by the Academic Staff Union of Universities that is not in sync with the National Salaries and Wages Commission will not scale through. The minister also advised the union to work with what was obtainable with the National Salaries Income and Wages Commission and the Presidential Steering Committee on salaries and wages. Saturday PUNCH reports that ASUU and the Federal Government had begun a series of negotiations aimed towards the suspension of the four-week strike declared by the union. ASUU during its extraordinary National Executive Council meeting held at the University of Lagos on February 14,2022 had declared the action over what it claimed was the failure of the government to meet its lingering demands, including earned allowances, release of revitalization funds for universities, increase in salary scale of lecturers, deployment of the UTAS payment platform for university workers, among others. Following ASUU’s declaration, religious organizations, House of Representatives, Students bodies among others had called on the Federal Government to prevail on the union to end the strike. Speaking to Saturday PUNCH, Ngige explained that one of ASUU’s major demands was centered on the increase in allowances and salaries. According to the minister, increment in salaries and allowances is a process that undergoes due process. He said, “The demands were not new areas, but issues already being addressed by the Federal Government since last year. “That is why I said we are shocked that they went on this strike. These issues were discussed November/ December last year up to the time we paid the monies for the Earned Academic Allowances. It was done last year. We paid N22.172 billion. So, they have received the money. “The second area is renegotiation of the 2009 agreement. It talks about renegotiation of their conditions of service, both salaries and allowances. I made it clear to them that there is a government process. The Federal Ministry of Education alone cannot wake up and increase your salaries. “There are known rates for allowances and any proposal not in sync with what the National Salaries, Incomes and Wages Commission prescribed would not sail through. “I made it clear to ASUU that they should follow the normal route and work with the NSIWC and PSC in pursuit of their demands. “So, if you are talking about duty tour allowances for a lecturer in the university, who is also a public officer, it must not be above what is presently rolled out as the new guideline. If you are talking about hazard allowance, it must not be above what is obtainable for the university system.” Total varsity shutdown looms as SSANU, others threaten strike In a related development, a total shutdown of universities in the country may be imminent following a fresh strike notice to the Federal Government over non-implementation of signed agreements by the National Association of Academic Technologists, Senior Staff Association of Nigeria Universities and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions. The threat is coming barely 13 days after the Academic Staff Union of Universities declared a one-month warning strike which has crippled academic activities in universities nationwide. The Joint Action Committee of NASU and SSANU said at its meeting on February 24, 2022, it has reviewed the status of the Memorandum of Understanding reached with the Federal Government following its industrial action of January and February 2021. Addressing journalists in Abuja on Friday, President of NAAT, Ibeji Nwokoma explained that each branch of the union would hold congresses between March 15 – 16 to discuss the response of the FG to their demands. He said the university technologists have given the government February 28 to March 14 to implement its demands, adding that the Joint Action Committee comprising SSANU and NASU have put its members on “red alert” over a possible strike. He added that a two-week warning strike would be declared by NAAT on March 17, 2022 at the expiration of the two-week grace if there was no positive response from the government. In a statement jointly signed by the General Secretary, NASU, Prince Peters Adeyemi and National President of SSANU, Mohammed Ibrahim, the JAC said, “Having waited one whole year for the consummation of the Memorandum of Understanding and despite all peaceful entreaties, we wish to notify all stakeholders in the Nigerian universities and Inter-University Centres and indeed all Nigerians of the possible breakdown of industrial peace in the university system borne out of disrespect for Collective Bargaining Agreements reached with NASU and SSANU by Government.” Some of the demands of the unions include non – full implementation of the 2009 agreement, alleged refusal to release the enabling circular for the implementation of CONTISS 14 & 15 for Academic Technologists as contained in the MOU of 2017, 2020 and 2021; non-payment of Earned Allowance as agreed in the MoU of 2021 and delay in renegotiation of 2009 agreement. But the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, said the unions had not officially communicated their intention to embark on strike to his ministry and directed the unions to get in touch with the Federal Ministry of Education on the level of implementation of the MoU. Meanwhile, some Nigerians on Friday in Abuja called on the Federal Government to meet ASUU’s demands. They told the News Agency of Nigeria that the incessant strike was not good for the education sector, saying it had stalled the academic progress of many students. Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: 
20220225_160119_usa_C000294_A000008	www.hawaiinewsnow.com	https://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/2022/02/26/despite-new-cdc-guidance-governor-says-hawaiis-mask-mandate-will-remain-place/	USA	HONOLULU (HawaiiNewsNow) - Gov. David Ige said Friday that Hawaii will not be following - and will keep its indoor mask requirement in place for now.Hawaii stands alone in the nation in sticking with a statewide mandate.And on Friday, with COVID cases and hospitalizations declining, the CDC also eased its masking recommendations. Previous guidance recommended masks in counties with substantial or high COVID transmission, which included the majority of the country. The new recommendations put a heavier emphasis on hospitalizations and hospital capacity than community spread and case counts.Alan Wiltshire is the vice president of operations for SkyBox Tap House and Shorefyre Fresh Grill and Bar. He welcomed the news from the CDC.“I took the article and posted it on all three of our restaurants’ message boards,” Wiltshire said. “The response was overwhelmingly positive.”“There are several reasons why Hawaii has the second-lowest COVID-19 death rate in the country and the mask mandate is one of those reasons.”As of Friday, there were 103 people with COVID in Hawaii hospitals. That’s down from a peak of 473 in September, and includes people who are in the hospital for other reasons and happen to test positive.Despite the decline, Ige said he’s not ready to drop the mask mandate.In a statement, he said:“Hawaii will keep the indoor mask mandate for now. We are watching disease activity across the state and globally, especially as other changes are made to current programs across the U.S. and at the county level. We will adjust accordingly.“The CDC eliminated its mask recommendation once before but was forced to reinstate the indoor mask requirement when the Delta variant caused a spike in cases. Hawaii kept its indoor mask requirement in place during that time, protecting residents and preventing the rapid spread of the virus, resulting in the second lowest COVID fatality rate in the country.”Gov. David Ige said Friday that Hawaii will not be following the new CDC guidance on masks - and will keep its indoor mask requirement in place for now.The state House Minority Leader, Rep. Val Okimoto, wrote the governor, urging him to drop the mandate.“We don’t need this mask mandate any more. The people are tried of it,” said Okimoto.“The administration has been talking about following the science, following the guidelines. So this really, based on the CDC’s website, that is the science behind it,” she added.Some parents, especially, have also been frustrated that their children still have to be masked in school while adults are often maskless in large gatherings elsewhere.Several residents HNN spoke to Friday said they’d stick with masks, even if the mandate drops.“I don’t think it’s a bad thing,” said shopper Susan Wilson, who is a nurse. “I think we should continue to exercise, wearing masks. I’m not gonna give it up.”Shopper Mo Sato agreed. “I think as conditions improved, I think at some point it should be dropped. But right now I still feel more comfortable with the mask on.”Shopper Holly Calantoc said she lost a family member to COVID and so she is very cautious.“We will be one of the last people wearing the masks,” Calantoc said.Others are ready to unmask as long as people are spread out.“It’d be lovely. But I am still kind of cautious,” said shopper Barbara Summa. “If it’s a crowded store, a crowded area, I’ll wear the mask.”While the CDC says Hawaii’s hospitalizations are low enough to drop mask rules for now, even some scientists support erring on the side of caution.Epidemiologist DeWolfe Miller agrees that it’s better to be safe than sorry.“I want to be on the conservative end and do everything I can to get way past ‘safety’ before I feel safe and safe for everybody else,” he said.The state Department of Health said they’re also evaluating the situation.“As things stand today, we still do have a mask mandate in place, and we support that mask mandate,” said DOH spokesperson Brooks Baehr. “There are several reasons why Hawaii has the second-lowest COVID-19 death rate in the country and the mask mandate is one of those reasons.”But at Shorefyre and Skybox Taphouse, the end of the mandate can’t come soon enough.“Imagine cooking over a hot grill at 400 degrees, and you have to wear a mask the whole time,” said Wiltshire. “I mean, our cooks are really suffering back there.”Copyright 2022 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved. 
20220225_160119_lva_C000299_A000005	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/world/unsc-ukraine-russia-india-abstains-7791774/	LVA	Russia on Saturday used its veto powers to block a United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolution condemning its invasion of and demanding an immediate withdrawal of its troops. While 11 countries voted in favour of the US-sponsored resolution, India was among the three countries that abstained from voting. While Russia was expected to use its veto power as a permanent member of the council, the debate and subsequent voting were significant as it showed there was major opposition to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine on Thursday. Who voted in favour of the UNSC resolution, and who abstained? Eleven out of the 15 permanent and non-permanent members — including the US, UK and France — voted in favour of the resolution, while India, China and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) chose to abstain. The countries that voted to adopt the motion included the US, France, UK, Albania, Brazil, Gabon, Ghana, Ireland, Kenya, Mexico, and Norway.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium Voting was delayed for about two hours, during which the co-sponsors of the resolution — US and Albania — scrambled to get wavering nations to support the motion. You can veto resolution, but can’t veto our voices: US Ambassador Condemning the attack on Ukraine, US Ambassador Linda Thomas Greenfield told her Russian counterpart that while his country can veto the resolution, it cannot “veto” widespread condemnation of the other member states. “You cannot veto the truth. You cannot veto our principles. You cannot veto the Ukrainian people,” Greenfield said. VIDEO Deeply disturbed by developments in Ukraine, says India Explaining the country’s position, India’s Permanent Representative at the UN T S Tirumurti said, “India is deeply disturbed by the recent turn of developments in Ukraine.” “We urge that all efforts are made for the immediate cessation of violence and hostilities,” he said. This was conveyed by Prime Minister to Russian President Vladimir Putin as well, during a phone call on Thursday. “No solution can ever be arrived at the cost of human lives,” Tirumurti said. “The contemporary global order has been built on the UN Charter, international law, and respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of states,” he went on to say. “All member states need to honour these principles in finding a constructive way forward.” China: Security of one country can’t come at cost of undermining security of other nations China’s permanent representative to the UN, Zhang Jun, said the “sovereignty and territorial integrity of all states should be respected and that the purposes and principles of the UN Charter should be upheld.” “Security of one country cannot come at the cost of undermining the security of other nations…Ukraine should become a bridge between East and West,” Zhang said. China’s decision to abstain, rather than use its veto alongside usual ally Russia, was seen as a diplomatic achievement, The Associated Press reported. Resolution text watered down for additional support The sponsors of the resolution agreed to water down some of its text to garner wider support. They eliminated putting the resolution under Chapter 7 of the UN Charter, which can be enforced militarily, and a determination “that the situation in Ukraine constitutes a breach of international peace and security, and that the Russian Federation has committed acts of aggression against Ukraine”, AP reported. They also changed the term “condemns” to “deplores” in sections about Russia’s attack. Ukrainian foreign minister urges India to support UNSC resolution on Russian invasion Before the session, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba on Friday spoke to his Indian counterpart S Jaishankar and sought India’s support for the UNSC resolution, PTI reported. In a tweet, Jaishankar said he emphasised that India supports diplomacy and dialogue as the “way out” to the current situation, and discussed the “predicament” of the Indian nationals in Ukraine. ‘It is exactly safety of your nationals’ that ‘you should…vote to stop the war’, says Ukraine envoy after voting on UNSC resolution “It is exactly the safety of your nationals” in Ukraine for which “you should be the first” to vote to stop the war, Kyiv’s envoy at the United Nations has said in an apparent reference to India as it abstained on a UNSC resolution that “deplores” Russian aggression against Ukraine. “I am saddened, however, that there is a small, handful of members that seem to be still tolerating the war,” Sergiy Kyslytsya said after the Security Council voted on the US-led draft resolution. Prominent Indian-American Congressman expresses disappointment over India abstaining UNSC resolution on Russia Prominent Indian-American Congressman Ro Khanna has expressed disappointment over India’s decision to abstain from the UN Security Council resolution on Russia’s aggression against Ukraine, saying it is the US and not Russia that will stand with New Delhi against China’s current expansionist plans. (With PTI inputs) 
20220225_160119_lva_C000299_A000014	www.republicworld.com	https://www.republicworld.com/world-news/russia-ukraine-crisis/russia-ukraine-war-biden-approves-350-dollars-million-in-immediate-military-assistance-to-kyiv-articleshow.html	LVA	US President Joe Biden has reportedly instructed Secretary of State Antony Blinken to release around the $350 million in immediate support to s security and defence, said White House reportedly in a new memo on Friday (local time). It is to mention that Biden signed a memorandum to release up to $600 million in assistance for Ukraine. Out of the total amount, at least $250 million is in overall assistance and the remaining $350 in defence articles and services of the Department of Defense, and military education and training, and to make the determinations required under such section to direct such a drawdown. The memorandum for the secretary of the state read: The authority under section 614(a)(1) of the FAA to determine whether it is important to the security interests of the United States to furnish up to $250 million in assistance without regard to any provision of law within the purview of section 614(a)(1) of the FAA. The authority under section 506(a)(1) of the FAA to direct the drawdown of up to an aggregate value of $350 million in defense articles and services of the Department of Defense, and military education and training, and to make the determinations required under such section to direct such a drawdown, it added. Apart from denying sending troops to Ukraine, US also offered Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to flee Kyiv as Russian forces inch closer to the city. However, that offer was rejected by Zelensky who instead called for ammunition and ‘not a ride’. US embassy in Ukraine even issued a warning for Americans “conditions may deteriorate without warning and advised them to locate the nearest shelters. The tweet said, “The security situation throughout Ukraine remains highly volatile, and conditions may deteriorate without warning. US citizens should remain vigilant and know the location of your closest shelter or protected space. Earlier, on Friday, the Biden administration Friday (local time) announced new sanctions against more Russian officials even beyond President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. These officials included members of the Russian National Security Council, Defence Minister, among other senior Russian government staff. US Treasury Department said in a statement, “Treasury has previously designated eleven members of the Russian Security Council and will continue to impose costs on the ruling elite as Russia prosecutes this brutal war of choice”. NATO Response Force activated for the first time Meanwhile, in a historic first, NATO Response Force has been activated as a defensive measure in response to Russias ongoing invasion of Ukraine. NATO Supreme Allied Commander Gen. Tod Wolters activated the multinational force consisting of land, air, sea and special operations forces from the allies. These forces can be deployed swiftly in a bid to support the NATO alliance. It is to note that the activation of NATO response Force does not mean US or NATO troops will go into Ukraine, which is not a member of the alliance. (Image: AP) 
20220225_160119_lva_C000299_A000034	tech.hindustantimes.com	https://tech.hindustantimes.com/tech/news/this-nasa-photo-went-viral-on-instagram-guess-what-it-is-answer-will-shock-you-71645858880208.html	LVA	Recently, NASA posted a viral image on its Instagram page and asked the followers to guess what the picture was. Almost everyone failed to guess it correctly. Can you? A couple of days ago, NASA posted an intriguing image on its Instagram page and asked its followers, “What do you see in the image”? The post was soon crowded by space aficionados who tried to guess the answer, but most failed. This recent NASA viral image is a series of posts NASA does on its social media handles in order to promote awareness and education around space and technology. These interactive and engaging posts are a great way to teach people about things that exist in our universe but are barely talked about. Not leaving the followers curious, NASA Instagram page later edited the post to reveal the real answer. Read on to find out.The image featured four black and white structures with different 3D geometric shapes. In order to make it more fun, NASA even offered some hints to all the participants of this game. NASA said that it could be a mini James Webb Space Telescope or even “two starfighters from a galaxy far, far away,” referencing the popular space movie Star Wars. These interactive posts by NASA create a lot of buzz on social media. This post had NASA trending all over Instagram with more than 4.3 lakh likes and more than 2,300 comments. Also read: Looking for a smartphone? To check mobile finder What is the NASA viral image really about?Even though many commentators took cues from NASA to guess ‘Tie Fighter’, a small spaceship in the Star Wars movie, it was not really the right answer. Other responses included ‘Captain America’s shield’, cryptocurrency and mini satellites. But sadly none of them were correct. After a while, NASA came to the rescue and answered what the image really was. It turns out the NASA viral image were snowflakes. But the story behind it is way more interesting than you can imagine.“These are a few of the many snowflake images collected by NASA’s IMPACTS mission, which studies the snowstorms common to the Northeastern U.S.,” the post said. NASA also explained exactly how these snowflakes particles were collected - by flying directly into the snowstorms.“The instruments and probes attached to the P-3 aircraft are able to collect samples to measure snow particles and atmospheric properties within the storm clouds. Each of the aircrafts instruments has a special use: taking high-definition photos of ice particles, measuring the total amount of water (both in liquid and ice form), measuring the size of full and partial snow particles, and sampling shattered particles. These data-collecting tools can sample over 30 million particles in a single eight-hour flight alone,” NASA added.But the American space agency didn’t just leave it at that. Aiming to make it an educational experience, NASA explained the true objective behind the campaign and what it wanted to achieve.“The goal of the mission is to develop greater comprehension of winter storm formation and development by using several instruments that examine the microphysical characteristics of snow particles at various temperatures and altitudes. The data collected during the multi-year IMPACTS campaign will help advance snowfall remote sensing interpretation and modeling to significantly improve the future of snowstorm forecasting and prediction capabilities.” 
20220225_160119_bwa_C000325_A000016	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/deals/uaes-e-looks-expand-telecoms-other-areas-including-via-ma-2022-02-26/	BWA	A woman takes a picture with a smartphone of the upscale Marina district from the Palm Tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, June 9, 2021. REUTERS/Christopher PikeRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comDUBAI, Feb 26 (Reuters) - E& , the UAE telecoms group formerly called Etisalat, is looking to expand into new markets in Africa, Europe and Asia and in areas outside telecoms such as financial technology as its seeks to drive growth, its CEO told Reuters.The company is exploring a range of possibilities, including potential joint ventures, acquisitions and listings of subsidiaries, though it would want to retain control of all its units, Group CEO Hatem Dowidar said in an interview.While telco is a good business, and were still focusing on telco - as for us it is the money-generating cash cow - the long-term growth needs to be through expansion, Dowidar said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comIn the telco space, we are looking at geographic expansion, he said, exploring markets in Africa, Europe and Asia with room for growth, political stability and strong regulations. He did not name any specific target markets.The group has separated its business into consumer services-focused e& life, e& enterprise to provide digital services to government and business, and telecoms arm Etisalat, which Dowidar said is the worlds seventh largest by market capitalisation.It has also set up e& capital to drive acquisitions and mergers.Dowidar said a breakdown of how much each unit contributes would be shared with investors in a few months. Total revenue growth at e& was 3% in 2021, while e& enterprise grew by 17%, he said, adding he expected growth to accelerate.We are preparing a few more announcements soon in Egypt, as well as Pakistan, he said. The announcement in Egypt will be related to the fintech sector, he added.The firm is open to potential deals with other large telecoms providers, he said. He did not expect any to enter the UAE, where the government holds controlling stakes in the two telecoms providers, due to high penetration and already high-quality internet speeds and service.Given e&s ambitions highlighted in the new operating model, we may consider raising debt if a suitable inorganic opportunity materializes, a representative said.Whether popular internet-calling applications like WhatsApp - which have long been blocked in the UAE - will be allowed is up to regulators, he added. WhatsApp and others were allowed at Dubais Expo world fair.We are ready for whatever is in the market ... at the end of the day, these applications, they all use data. It might decrease our voice usage, but it will increase our data usage, Dowidar said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Yousef Saba Editing by Mark PotterOur Standards: 
20220225_160119_can_C000330_A000001	www.ctvnews.ca	https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/russian-forces-capture-ukrainian-city-of-melitopol-amid-missile-strikes-1.5797299	CAN	KYIV - Western allies have announced sweeping new sanctions against Russia, including banishing its key banks from the main global payments system, drawing thanks from Ukraine on Sunday as its forces were repelling Russian troops advancing on Kyiv. Russian forces pounded several cities with missiles overnight, setting an oil terminal ablaze in the town of Vasylkiv, southwest of the capital, Kyiv, its mayor said. The blasts sent flames and smoke into the night sky, online posts showed. The enemy wants to destroy everything, said the mayor, Natalia Balasinovich. Russian President Vladimir Putin launched what he called a special military operation on Thursday, ignoring weeks of Western warnings and saying the neo-Nazis ruling Ukraine threatened Russias security -- a charge Kyiv and Western governments say is baseless propaganda. The biggest assault on a European state since the Second World War threatens to upend the continents post-Cold War order. Reuters witnesses in Kyiv reported occasional blasts and gunfire in the city late on Saturday but it was not clear where it was coming from. We have withstood and are successfully repelling enemy attacks. The fighting goes on, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in a video message from the streets of Kyiv posted on his social media. A U.S. defence official said Ukraines forces were putting up very determined resistance to the three-pronged Russian advance that has sent hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians fleeing westwards, clogging major highways and railway lines. The United States and its European partners also said they would impose restrictions on Russias central bank to limit its ability to support the rouble and finance his war effort. We are resolved to continue imposing costs on Russia that will further isolate Russia from the international financial system and our economies, the Western allies said as they escalated their punitive response. We will implement these measures within the coming days, according to a joint statement from the United States, France, Germany, Canada, Italy, Britain and the European Commission. THANKS TO FRIENDS After initially shying away from such a move largely because of concern about the impact on their economies, the allies said they committed to ensuring that selected Russian banks are removed from the SWIFT messaging system. They did not name the banks that would be expelled, but an EU diplomat said some 70% of the Russian banking market would be affected. The decision - which the French finance minister had earlier called a financial nuclear weapon because of the damage it would inflict on the Russian economy - deals a blow to Russias trade and makes it harder for its companies to do business. SWIFT, or the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, is a secure messaging network that facilitates rapid cross-border payments, making it a crucial mechanism for international trade. Sanctions on Russias central bank could limit Putins use of his more than US$630 billion in international reserves, widely seen as insulating Russia from some economic harm. The new measures will prevent Russia from using its war chest, said Ursula von der Leyen, president of the European Commission, the European Unions executive. But because Russias large banks are deeply integrated into the global financial system, such sanctions could have a spillover effect, hurting trading partners in Europe and elsewhere. Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said in a Twitter post on Sunday: Thanks to our friends ... for the commitment to remove several Russian banks from SWIFT. The Kremlin said its troops were advancing again in all directions after Putin ordered a pause on Friday. Ukraines government said there had been no pause. A Ukrainian presidential adviser said about 3,500 Russian soldiers had been killed or wounded. Western officials have also said intelligence showed Russia suffering higher casualties than expected and its advance slowing. Russia has not released casualty figures, and it was impossible to verify tolls or the precise picture on the ground. DETERMINED RESISTANCE The U.S. official said Russias forces had not made the progress that they wanted to, particularly in the north. They have been frustrated by what they have seen is a very determined resistance, the U.S. official said, without providing evidence. At least 198 Ukrainians, including three children, have been killed and 1,115 people wounded so far, Interfax quoted Ukraines Health Ministry as saying. Interfax later cited the regional administration in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, saying 17 civilians had been killed and 73 wounded by Russian shelling. Moscow says it is taking care not to hit civilian sites. Ukraine, a democratic nation of 44 million people, won independence from Moscow in 1991 after the fall of the Soviet Union and wants to join NATO and the EU, goals Russia opposes. Putin has said he must eliminate what he calls a serious threat to his country from its smaller neighbour, accusing it of genocide against Russian-speakers in eastern Ukraine -- something Kyiv and its Western allies reject as a lie. UN refugee chief Filippo Grandi said more than 150,000 Ukrainian refugees have crossed into neighbouring countries -- half to Poland, others to Hungary, Moldova and Romania. U.S. President Joe Biden approved the release of up to $350 million worth of weapons from U.S. stocks, while Germany, in a shift from its long-standing policy of not exporting weapons to war zones, said it would send anti-tank weapons and surface-to-air missiles. (Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova, Aleksandar Vasovic and Natalia Zinets in Kyiv; Alan Charlish in Medyka, Poland; Fedja Grulovic in Sighetu Marmatiei, Romania; and Reuters bureaus; Writing by Robert Birsel, Gareth Jones and Alex Richardson; Editing by William Mallard, David Clarke, Alison Williams and Daniel Wallis) 
20220225_160119_ken_C000344_A000033	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/space-station-research-looks-at-skin-cells-plant-genetics-and-exercise/	KEN	By NASA February 25, 2022Astronaut Mark Vande Hei harvests plants and collects samples to analyze later for a space agriculture study. Credit: NASAFriday’s research schedule aboard the International Space Station included exploring how microgravity affects skin cells and cotton genetics. The Expedition 66 crew is also learning how to exercise more effectively in weightlessness.Living in space has been shown to accelerate the rate of and a new study delivered aboard the r seeks to understand why and protect astronaut’s health. NASA astronaut Tom Marshburn started the experiment on Tuesday and has been servicing skin tissue samples that will grow inside the . The samples will be stowed later in a science freezer and analyzed back on Earth to evaluate the cellular and molecular changes that take place in microgravity.Weightlessness also affects how plants grow and Flight Engineers Kayla Barron of NASA and Matthias Maurer of ESA (European Space Agency) spent Friday morning exploring . The duo worked on cotton cell samples being grown in the to learn more about the process of plant regeneration possibly improving crop production on Earth.Exercise is very important in space as the microgravity environment can lead to muscle and bone loss. Two exercise studies on the orbiting lab are investigating different ways to maximize the effectiveness of working out in microgravity. Maurer began his day pedaling on an exercise cycle wearing the body suit that stimulates muscles. The specialized suit may improve and lessen the duration of exercise sessions in space. Roscosmos Flight Engineer Pyotr Dubrov attached sensors to himself and worked out on the ’s treadmill for a Russian exercise study. That investigation looks at how an exercising crew member expends energy and other physiological factors to help keep crews fit and healthy on a long duration spaceflight.NASA Flight Engineer Raja Chari worked throughout Friday troubleshooting components on the located in the . NASA astronaut Mark Vande Hei performed orbital plumbing duties and took photos for the ongoing .At the end of the day, all six flight engineers joined Commander Anton Shkaplerov and practiced an emergency drill. The seven-member crew located station safety gear, translated along escape paths, and coordinated communications with mission controllers for unlikely events such as an ammonia leak, depressurization, or a fire. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000346_A000002	www.foxnews.com	https://www.foxnews.com/media/harmeet-dhillon-blasts-biden-on-scotus-pick	USA	Republican National Lawyers Associations Harmeet Dhillon weighs in on Bidens Supreme Court nominee on Tucker Carlson Tonight.NEWYou can now listen to Fox News articles! ‘’ host asked legal expert Harmeet Dhillon to weigh in on the destructive nature behind the way that has chosen his nominee.HARMEET DHILLON: Well, youre absolutely right, Tucker. What you see here is the culmination of some decades of activism on the left, starting with destroying Robert Bork as a nominee, back when I was a student in law school, that made a huge impression on me. And coming forward to today, he actually could have picked any of the people who he had on a short list, and it would have been the same. They would have checked all the boxes of the left. So, this is not really a critique of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson so much as this process, and this process is beholden like Joe Biden is to a far-left agenda with dark money controlling what the president does. And so this is not the way to pick justices and the system needs to change.WATCH THE FULL INTERVIEW HERE: 
20220225_160119_usa_C000346_A000005	www.nytimes.com	https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/25/health/cdc-mask-guidance.html	USA	“It just looked wrong that the whole country was a single shade of red,” said Jennifer Nuzzo, an epidemiologist at Johns Hopkins University’s Bloomberg School of Public Health.Though a growing number of political leaders, public health experts and ordinary citizens now support the easing of restrictions, at least temporarily, others are still wary. They note that millions of people in the United States — including children under 5 — and billions around the world remain unvaccinated, making the emergence of a dangerous new variant not just possible but likely.The C.D.C. and the Biden administration have declared victory prematurely before, including last spring when they told vaccinated Americans they could go mask-free and celebrate a “summer of freedom,” only to see the Delta variant send hospitalizations and deaths soaring again.The White House has been working on a pandemic exit strategy that would help Americans live with the virus. But Dr. Walensky said just two weeks ago that it was mask mandates. And some officials in the C.D.C. and the Department of Health and Human Services are nervous about the changing guidance, according to an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity.Some public health experts also balked at the easing of restrictions, noting that the country is recording roughly 1,900 Covid-related deaths every day, children under 5 still do not have vaccines available to them and significant numbers of Americans remain at high risk because of their age, health status or occupation.The agency’s new guidelines do not address whether and for how long people who test positive for the virus should isolate themselves, noted Dr. Robby Sikka, who chairs the Covid-19 Sports and Society Working Group, an organization that oversees safety for professional sports teams.A study published by the C.D.C. on Friday suggested that about half of those who tested positive — the length of isolation that the agency currently recommends. “If people isolate for five days, or even worse, we just let people go, it’s possible that we have the potential to see cases rise,” Dr. Sikka said. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000346_A000007	nypost.com	https://nypost.com/2022/02/26/curtis-reeves-retired-florida-cop-acquitted-of-murdering-chad-oulson-in-theater/	USA	The retired Florida police captain whoinside a movie theater in 2014 was acquitted of murder by a jury late Friday. Curtis Reeves, 79, after he gunned down 43-year-old Chad Oulson during a matinee screening of “Lone Survivor” in suburban Pasco County. Defense lawyers and prosecutors were in agreement that Reeves asked Oulson to stop texting during the movie previews — which started an argument that ended with the former Tampa police captain opening fire. Reeves pleaded not guilty on the grounds of self-defense. His lawyers successfully argued that police training informed Reeves’ decision to open fire, as when the victim threw his cellphone at his face and appeared ready to climb over the seat and attack him. Former Tampa police captain Curtis Reeves leaves court after he was found not guilty in his murder trial on February 25, 2022, at the Robert D. Sumner Judicial Center in Dade City, Florida.AP Reeves “had more knowledge, more experience, more study in that area than anyone in this courtroom,” defense attorney Richard Escobar said. “It’s a dangerous world.” Chad Oulson (right) was asked by Curtis Reeves to stop texting during a movie preview — but it led to an argument that ended with the former officer opening fire.Facebook Prosecutors countered that Reeves’ ego was bruised when Oulson threw popcorn in his face, and . “In his entire career that is the most he has ever been scared? Absolutely unreal,” prosecutor Scott Rosenwasser said of the former homicide bureau, fugitive apprehension and SWAT team commander. “He didn’t fear anything.” Curtis Reeves, center, celebrates his verdict after being found not guilty on February 25, 2022, in Dade City, Florida.AP Oulson died at the hospital; his wife was treated after being shot in the hand. Smiling, Reeves embraced family members after a six-person jury sent him home following a 3˝ hour deliberation late Friday. “This is great,” Reeves told . “It’s been a long eight years. I couldn’t wait for it to be over with.” Nicole Oulson, widow of Chad Oulson, reacts after hearing the verdict in Curtis Reeves’ murder trial on February 25, 2022, in Dade City, Florida.AP The case made national news in 2014 as Reeves claimed he acted in self-defense under . A judge later denied that claim. The trial was reportedly delayed due to hearings, motions and COVID-19 restrictions. With Post wires 
20220225_160119_lva_C000365_A000032	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/astronomers-identify-real-life-planet-with-two-suns-like-tatooine-from-star-wars/	LVA	Artist’s impression of Kepler-16b, the first planet known to definitively orbit two stars – what’s called a circumbinary planet. The planet, which can be seen in the foreground, was discovered by NASA’s Kepler mission. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/T. PyleStudy proves ground-based telescopes can search for planets with two suns.Astronomers have used a new technique to confirm a real-life Tatooine, the fictional planet with two suns that was home to Luke Skywalker in “Star Wars.”The planet, Kepler-16b, is about 245 light years from Earth, is a gas giant, and is roughly the size of Saturn. Scientists already knew that the planet existed, but in a recent study, an international team of astronomers explained how they successfully applied a technique that hadn’t been previously used to observe a planet orbiting two stars.“It’s a confirmation that our method works,” said David Martin, co-author of the study and NASA Sagan Fellow in The Ohio State University’s Department of Astronomy. “And it creates an opportunity for us to apply this method now to identify other systems like this.”The technique, called the radial velocity method, has long been used in astronomy. (The first planet ever found around a sun-like star was found using radial velocity – and was found using the same telescope astronomers used to find this one.)The radial velocity method involves analyzing the spectra of light produced by the stars. Astronomers gather spectra data through telescopes on the ground – in this case, from a telescope based in France, the Observatoire de Haute Provence. That spectra data graphs into a line, but the line “wobbles” as the planet orbits around the two stars, producing a shaky line in the spectra of light. The wobble indicates a planet is there, and astronomers can use it to derive a number of other pieces of information about a planet, including its mass.Measuring radial velocity is, Martin said, among the best tools astronomers have to identify exoplanets, or planets outside our solar system. But until this study, astronomers had not been able to use it to find planets outside our solar system that orbit two stars.The study was published this week in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.In the past, such planets – known as circumbinary planets – were identified by monitoring when one star passed in front of the other. That method, known as the “transit method,” has identified 14 such planets, including Kepler-16b. The first confirmed circumbinary planet was described in a paper in 2011; others have followed. But until this paper, none had been found using radial velocity.“What people had faced was that having two sets of spectra from two stars makes it really tricky, and people were struggling to get enough precision to see the wobble caused by the planet,” Martin said. “And we got around that by making a survey of systems with two stars that orbit each other where one star is big, and one is quite small.”The survey, called Binaries Escorted by Orbiting Planets, or BEBOP, was established specifically to search for planets like this one.One of Kepler-16b’s stars is about two-thirds the mass of Earth’s sun, and the other is about 20% the mass.Astronomers had been watching this system since July 2016.Proving that measuring radial velocities can identify planets that orbit two stars, Martin said, opens the door for the technique to be applied more broadly. That is important to astronomers for a number of reasons, but a big one is that planets that orbit two stars tend to exist at a distance that would make them good candidates for life.“These planets are frequently found in the habitable zone, at a distance from the stars where you would expect to find liquid water,” Martin said.Kepler-16b, which is made primarily of gas, is not likely to be a candidate where life could be found, Martin said. But using the radial-velocity method could help astronomers find other similar planets.Reference: “BEBOP III. Observations and an independent mass measurement of Kepler-16 (AB) b – the first circumbinary planet detected with radial velocities” by Amaury H M J Triaud, Matthew R Standing, Neda Heidari, David V Martin, Isabelle Boisse, Alexandre Santerne, Alexandre C M Correia, Lorena Acuńa, Matthew Battley, Xavier Bonfils, Andrés Carmona, Andrew Collier Cameron, Pía Cortés-Zuleta, Georgina Dransfield, Shweta Dalal, Magali Deleuil, Xavier Delfosse, Joăo Faria, Thierry Forveille, Nathan C Hara, Guillaume Hébrard, Sergio Hoyer, Flavien Kiefer, Vedad Kunovac, Pierre F L Maxted, Eder Martioli, Nicola J Miller, Richard P Nelson, Mathilde Poveda, Hanno Rein, Lalitha Sairam, Stéphane Udry and Emma Willett, 25 February 2022, Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.Martin’s portion of this work was funded in part by NASA. 
20220225_160119_pak_C000380_A000003	dailytimes.com.pk	https://dailytimes.com.pk/892255/russia-vetoes-un-security-council-resolution-condemning-its-invasion-of-ukraine/	PAK	UNITED NATIONS: Russia, exercising its veto power, quashed a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning its invasion of Ukraine and calling on Moscow to immediately withdraw all forces. The vote was 11 in favour, one against, and three abstentions — China, the United Arab Emirates and India. Russia, a permanent member of the 15-member Council, is currently serving as its president for the month of February. The United States, which drafted the resolution and campaigned for it, had known all along that Russia would veto the text. But U.S. officials said that by doing so, Russia would demonstrate its isolation and its disregard for the U.N. charter. But Russia appeared unfazed. Its Ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, thanked the three countries that had abstained from the vote. In his remarks, the Russian ambassador dismissed as a Western conspiracy the diplomatic efforts to hold it accountable. He denied that Russia had targeted civilian infrastructure in Ukraine and then delivered a jab at the United States for its own military incursions, inferring to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 on the premise that Saddam Hussein was harboring chemical weapons, which turned out to be not true. “It is difficult for us to compete with the U.S. in terms of invasions,” the Russian ambassador said. “You are in no position to moralize.” Diplomats said that the U.N. General Assembly would act next week on a resolution condemning Russia’s war on Ukraine. Countries do not have veto power at the General Assembly, but its resolutions are symbolic and not legally binding, as the Security Council’s are. Speaking to reporters after Friday evening’s Council meeting, United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres stressed that while the U.N. had today not achieved its primary objective to end war, “we must never give up.” “We must give peace another chance. Soldiers need to return to their barracks. Leaders need to turn to the path of dialogue and peace,” he said. And despite growing operational challenges, he assured that the UN is scaling up the delivery of life-saving support on both sides of the line of contact. Against the backdrop of multiplying humanitarian needs, dying civilians and at least 100,000 Ukrainians reportedly fleeing their homes – with many crossing into neighbouring countries, underlining the regional nature of this growing crisis – Guterres announced the appointment of Amin Awad as UN Crisis Coordinator for Ukraine. A close colleague of Mr. Guterres when he was chief of the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, Awad will lead the coordination of all UN efforts, including its humanitarian response, on both sides of the contact line. “All concerned in this conflict must respect international humanitarian law and guarantee the safety and freedom of movement of UN staff and other humanitarians. Especially in a moment like this, it is important to remember that the UN…is tens of thousands of women and men around the world,” he said. The UN chief outlined the work of the Organization, from feeding the hungry, vaccinating children and promoting development to protecting civilians in peacekeeping operations, mediating conflicts and supporting refugees and migrants, all while “standing, delivering, extending a lifeline of hope.’” He stressed that although the UN Charter has been challenged in the past, it has “stood firm on the side of peace, security, development, justice, international law and human rights”. “Time after time, when the international community has rallied together in solidarity, those values have prevailed. They will prevail, independently of what happened today,” the UN chief said. “We must do everything in our power so that they prevail in Ukraine but they prevail for all humanity,” the Secretary-General added. Introducing the draft resolution, the US Ambassador, Ms. Thomas-Greenfield,painted a picture of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that was “so bold, so brazen,” that it threatens the international system “as we know it.” “We have a solemn responsibility not to look away,” she said stressing that Russia must be held accountable, and its forces immediately, completely and unconditionally withdrawn. “Today we are taking a principled stand in this Council,” Ms. Thomas-Greenfield said. “There is no middle ground,” responsible States do not invade their neighbours. After the resolution was defeated, Ms. Thomas-Greenfield took the floor again. “You can veto this resolution, but you cannot veto our voices; cannot veto the truth; cannot veto our principles; cannot veto the Ukrainian people; cannot veto the UN Charter…and you will not veto accountability,” she said. The US Ambassador said that despite the actions of a “reckless, irresponsible” Member State, the United States will continue to stand with Ukraine against Russia’s aggression. As the only Permanent Council member to abstain, Chinese Ambassador Zhang Jun warned against actions that might “shut the door” to a negotiated settlement. He reminded that the Ukraine crisis did not occur “overnight” and that the security of one State cannot come at the expense of that of others. “Ukraine should become a bridge between East and West, not an outpost,” he said, adding that that cold war mentalities must be abandoned to build balanced European mechanisms and all parties should return to diplomacy. UK Ambassador Dame Barbara Woodward described how women and children in Kyiv, pensioners in Odessa and people all over Ukraine are “sheltering from Russia’s onslaught.” She stated that the draft resolution sent “a message to the world that the rules we built together must be defended, because otherwise, who will be next.” Moreover, President Vladimir Putin’s “massive invasion” of Ukraine to remove the Government is “a naked aggression” that must be condemned, Ms. Woodward added. After the vote, the UK Ambassador pointed out that Russia was the only Council Member to vote against the draft. “Make no mistake, Russia is isolated, it has no support for the invasion of Ukraine,” she said, noting that history would record what had happened today, and that the United Kingdom “stands firmly in support” of the Ukrainian people and would hold Russia accountable for its actions. After voting in favour of the resolution, France’s Ambassador, Nicolas de Rivičre, said that Russia’s “premediated aggression” is killing civilians and destroying infrastructure with goal of rebuilding the Russian empire. While other members expressed their commitment to international law, Russia vetoed it. “Russia is alone,” he observed, adding that “within the UN and in all bodies, France will continue to mobilize with its partners to support Ukraine and the Ukrainian people.” UAE Ambassador Lana Nusseibeh said that now that the resolution has been vetoed, the United Arab Emirates would continue to seek “inclusive and consultative processes” for a path forward. Russian Ambassador Nebenzya said that he would not respond to those who had accused him of abusing his country’s veto power. He accused the draft’s sponsors of “spinning tales” about the true situation in Ukraine, including Western allies’ attempts to cover up the fact that they had been flooding the Donbas with weapons. “You have made Ukraine a pawn in your own game… this resolution is nothing other than yet another brutal, inhumane move on this Ukrainian chessboard,” he said. Speaking to the representatives of France, the UK and US, the Russian envoy said that there was no verifiable confirmation about the death of Ukrainian civilians; that photographs of supposed Russian artillery “is fake”; and that reports of attacks on civilian infrastructure were untrue. Moreover, with its history of aggressions against other countries, the United States was “in no position to moralize.” Ukraine Ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya asserted that he would not dignify the “diabolical script” read by the Russian Ambassador, which was in fact “a rather detailed application for… a seat in Hell.” He recalled that during the Security Council’s discussions on the situation in Ukraine earlier in the week, Russia had begun bombing his country and sending forces across the border, including through Belarus. Therefore, he was not surprised that Russia voted against the text, he said, denouncing the actions of “the Kremlin regime.” Ambassador Kyslytsya asked the Council to remember how many times the Russian Ambassador said that his country would not invade or bomb Ukraine. But after what had happened in recent days, “how can we trust you? You have no idea what is in the mind of your President,” he declared. The Ukraine Ambassador also noted that according to the rules of procedure, the Russian Ambassador should not have been presiding over a meeting of which his country was the subject. The Ukraine Ambassador asked the Council to dedicate a moment of silence “for peace… and to pray for the souls of those that have already been or may be killed”, inviting the Russian Ambassador to “pray for salvation.” This was followed by solemn applause throughout the Chamber. Noting that nothing could justify the bombing of hospitals and kindergartens –considered war crimes under the Rome Statute – he said that Ukraine was collecting evidence to send forward to the International Criminal Court (ICC). Finally, Kyslytsya called on nations to break off diplomatic relations with the Russian Federation, and international organizations to sever ties with that country. “You should stop wiping your feet” on the words of the Secretary-General and the work of the UN, and “show respect for the principles enshrined in the Charter,” he said. In closing, the Ambassador maintained that while Ukraine remained open to negotiations, it was Russia that had launched an offensive that had sent “thousands of troops” into its territory. 
20220225_160119_pak_C000380_A000032	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/astronomers-identify-real-life-planet-with-two-suns-like-tatooine-from-star-wars/	PAK	Artist’s impression of Kepler-16b, the first planet known to definitively orbit two stars – what’s called a circumbinary planet. The planet, which can be seen in the foreground, was discovered by NASA’s Kepler mission. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/T. PyleStudy proves ground-based telescopes can search for planets with two suns.Astronomers have used a new technique to confirm a real-life Tatooine, the fictional planet with two suns that was home to Luke Skywalker in “Star Wars.”The planet, Kepler-16b, is about 245 light years from Earth, is a gas giant, and is roughly the size of Saturn. Scientists already knew that the planet existed, but in a recent study, an international team of astronomers explained how they successfully applied a technique that hadn’t been previously used to observe a planet orbiting two stars.“It’s a confirmation that our method works,” said David Martin, co-author of the study and NASA Sagan Fellow in The Ohio State University’s Department of Astronomy. “And it creates an opportunity for us to apply this method now to identify other systems like this.”The technique, called the radial velocity method, has long been used in astronomy. (The first planet ever found around a sun-like star was found using radial velocity – and was found using the same telescope astronomers used to find this one.)The radial velocity method involves analyzing the spectra of light produced by the stars. Astronomers gather spectra data through telescopes on the ground – in this case, from a telescope based in France, the Observatoire de Haute Provence. That spectra data graphs into a line, but the line “wobbles” as the planet orbits around the two stars, producing a shaky line in the spectra of light. The wobble indicates a planet is there, and astronomers can use it to derive a number of other pieces of information about a planet, including its mass.Measuring radial velocity is, Martin said, among the best tools astronomers have to identify exoplanets, or planets outside our solar system. But until this study, astronomers had not been able to use it to find planets outside our solar system that orbit two stars.The study was published this week in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.In the past, such planets – known as circumbinary planets – were identified by monitoring when one star passed in front of the other. That method, known as the “transit method,” has identified 14 such planets, including Kepler-16b. The first confirmed circumbinary planet was described in a paper in 2011; others have followed. But until this paper, none had been found using radial velocity.“What people had faced was that having two sets of spectra from two stars makes it really tricky, and people were struggling to get enough precision to see the wobble caused by the planet,” Martin said. “And we got around that by making a survey of systems with two stars that orbit each other where one star is big, and one is quite small.”The survey, called Binaries Escorted by Orbiting Planets, or BEBOP, was established specifically to search for planets like this one.One of Kepler-16b’s stars is about two-thirds the mass of Earth’s sun, and the other is about 20% the mass.Astronomers had been watching this system since July 2016.Proving that measuring radial velocities can identify planets that orbit two stars, Martin said, opens the door for the technique to be applied more broadly. That is important to astronomers for a number of reasons, but a big one is that planets that orbit two stars tend to exist at a distance that would make them good candidates for life.“These planets are frequently found in the habitable zone, at a distance from the stars where you would expect to find liquid water,” Martin said.Kepler-16b, which is made primarily of gas, is not likely to be a candidate where life could be found, Martin said. But using the radial-velocity method could help astronomers find other similar planets.Reference: “BEBOP III. Observations and an independent mass measurement of Kepler-16 (AB) b – the first circumbinary planet detected with radial velocities” by Amaury H M J Triaud, Matthew R Standing, Neda Heidari, David V Martin, Isabelle Boisse, Alexandre Santerne, Alexandre C M Correia, Lorena Acuńa, Matthew Battley, Xavier Bonfils, Andrés Carmona, Andrew Collier Cameron, Pía Cortés-Zuleta, Georgina Dransfield, Shweta Dalal, Magali Deleuil, Xavier Delfosse, Joăo Faria, Thierry Forveille, Nathan C Hara, Guillaume Hébrard, Sergio Hoyer, Flavien Kiefer, Vedad Kunovac, Pierre F L Maxted, Eder Martioli, Nicola J Miller, Richard P Nelson, Mathilde Poveda, Hanno Rein, Lalitha Sairam, Stéphane Udry and Emma Willett, 25 February 2022, Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.Martin’s portion of this work was funded in part by NASA. 
20220225_160119_idn_C000396_A000018	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/entertainment/navya-nanda-leaves-bff-suhana-khan-and-mom-shweta-bachchan-love-struck-2791042	IDN	Navya Navelis new pic (Courtesy: )HighlightsNavya Naveli Nanda has shared a new photo Navyas photo is going viral on the web Suhana Khan and Shweta Bachchan have commented on the picNew Delhi: Family and friends are always there to cheer you, praise you and motivate you. On Friday, Navya Naveli Nanda shared a photo of herself and it is going viral on the web. In the photo, shows off her vivacious smile and her BFF Suhana Khan commented, So prettyy. Navyas mother Shweta Bachchan Nanda left a love-struck emoji. Very entrepreneurial, wrote photographer Rohan Shrestha. Navya Naveli Nanda has kept the caption of the photo simple and has shared it with the home, sun, and smile emojis. Not just family and friends, fans are also showering Navya with love and praise.Check out Navya Naveli Nandas latest photo:Recently, in an interview with , Navya Naveli Nanda talked about sexism and said that she isnt immune to ingrained sexism. I have seen this happen at my home where if guests are over, my mother would always tell me to fetch something or the other. I have to play the host as opposed to my brother who could also be doing the same thing, said .She added, So I think especially in homes where you live with joint families, that responsibility of learning how to run the house or learning how to take care of guests or learning how to play host is always somehow put on the daughter. And I have never seen that importance being given to my brother or a younger boy in the house. I think that itself is ingraining women into believing that its our responsibility to look after the house. graduated from New Yorks Fordham University in 2020. Later, she co-founded Aara Health and also started her NGO project with the name Project Naveli. She also plans to join her father Nikhil Nandas business. 
20220225_160119_idn_C000396_A000019	www.thehardtackle.com	http://www.thehardtackle.com/round-up/2022/02/26/ac-milan-player-ratings-vs-udinese-710-rafael-leao-shines-410-theo-hernandez-poor-again/	IDN	A sub-par AC Milan side failed to get going against Udinese and dropped two valuable points, which could prove significant in the Serie A title race.AC Milan squandered the opportunity to go four points clear at the top of the table, as the Serie A title race added yet another twist to the tale. They were leading second-placed Inter Milan by a single point after the Nerrazzuri Â on Friday.Rafael Leao struck the opener in the 29th minute after latching on to a cross from Sandro Tonali to give Milan the lead after a dominant period. The home side continued their good work and had a few half chances. However, Stefano Pioli’s men were missing the cutting edge in the final third, which probably cost them the game.Milan’s inefficiency to increase their lead cost them later in the game as Destiny Udogie scored his first ever goal in a Udinese shirt. The defender was fortunate enough to get hold of a loose rebound in the penalty area and smashed it into the net from close range. comes to an end. — AC Milan (@acmilan) With both teams at the top of the table dropping valuable points, Napoli have been given a route back into the title race. It is becoming a hot contestÂ at the top, with three teams now vying for the coveted prize.Mike Maignan: 6/10Maignan played his part during the game by making some decent saves. However, he could not do much about the equaliser and it would be harsh to blame him for it.Davide Calabria: 5/10Calabria’s focus on defensive duties may have rendered Milan a key man short in attack. The full-back’s usual ability to link up with the right-winger was missing on the night.Fikayo Tomori: 5.5/10Tomori put in a defensive shift and was largely comfortable, although he was somewhat at fault for the Udinese goal. He could have done better when in possession, with his passing sloppy at times.Alessio Romagnoli: 6/10Romagnoli continues to impress in the long absence of Kjaer, as he put in yet another solid defensive shift at the back. He should certainly work on attacking set plays better, as Milan tend to get plenty ofÂ them.Theo Hernandez: 4/10There has been a significant drop in his performances recently, with Hernandez producing yet another sub-par display from left-back. With his contributions at both ends limited, his only good contribution was averting a dangerous situation when Ante Rebic made a big mistake in the middle of the park.Sandro Tonali: 6/10Tonali has also been playing well below his standards, and he seemed to continue with his sloppy display from the Salernitana game. He did get an assist to his name, whichÂ his decent match rating reflects.Franck Kessie: 6/10Unlike Tonali, Kessie put in aÂ good shift in the middle of the park as he looked to keep some control of the area. The Ivorian has been consistent since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations.Junior Messias: 5/10Messias had a difficult game as plenty of factors affected his influence. The lack of link-up play from Calabria on the wings and Tonali’s ineffective passing failed to get any attacking play going from the right-hand side.Brahim Diaz: 5/10There is no faulting Diaz for the initiative he showed in the game, as the Spaniard put in some decent through balls only for his teammates to not take advantage of the chances. The big issue isÂ Diaz’s lack of physicality, which is often exploited by opposition defenders, rendering him ineffective for large parts in any given game.Rafael Leao: 7/10Leao was tipped by The Hard Tackle to be the player to watch in this game given his form at the moment. The Portuguese winger scored the opening goal after a good first period for Milan and is slowly becoming the team’s biggest goal threat.Rafael Leao is the third Portuguese player to score 20 Serie A goals đź‡µđź‡ą81 – Cristiano Ronaldo42 – Rui Costa20 – Rafael Leao — GOAL (@goal) Olivier Giroud: 5/10Giroud had a busy game as he was constantly involved in the final third. While the Frenchman kept winning his aerial duels, he should have added more to their penalty box play. Moreover, he could not take some half chances that came his way to cap off a disappointing evening.SUBSTITUTESAnte Rebic: 4/10Pioli sent in Rebic to change the game’s complexion, and he almost did it but for Udinese’s solid defending. He made two notable errors by giving the ball away and will count his luck that neither was punished badly.Alexis Saelemaekers: 5/10As usual, Saelemaekers worked hard, suggesting he should have started in place of Messias for this sort of a game.Daniel Maldini: N/AA bizarre substitution given Milan were looking for a late winner. Maldini came on and failed to contribute anything of substance. 
20220225_160119_ind_C000406_A000011	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/watch-russian-missile-tears-through-residential-building-in-kyiv-101645871581529.html	IND	A Russian missile ripped through a high-rise residential building in Kyiv as Russia continued its invasion in Ukraine, the bone-chilling video of which has been shared by Ukraines ministry of foreign affairs on Saturday. As seen in the video, the residential building, surrounded by maternity hospitals and schools, came under the attack all of a sudden. The ministry in the Twitter post said that Russia is attacking and killing civilians in Ukraine, and the Ukrainian army is continually defending the territory and the civilians of Ukraine. “Ukraine resists and strives for peace. The world must stop Russian war criminals,” it added.Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba shared the picture of the missile-hit building on Saturday and said, Kyiv, our splendid, peaceful city, survived another night under attacks by Russian ground forces, missiles. One of them has hit a residential apartment in Kyiv. I demand the world: fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, oil embargo, ruin its economy. Stop Russian war criminals. On Day 3 of Russias invasion of Ukraine, Moscow said it is bombarding Ukraines military infrastructure with long-range precision weapons using air- and sea-launched cruise missiles. 198 Ukrainians have been killed so far in the assault, Reuters reported quoting a minister.Vitali Klitschko, Mayor of Kiev, has urged the citizens to ‘just leave homes’ and go to the shelters as soon as possible. “Do not go out and do not go to the city,” he wrote on Twitter.Ukraine has said there have been casualties on both sides with more than 1,000 Russian soldiers killed so far. On Day 1, 137 people lost their lives in Ukraine amid the Russian offensive. 
20220225_160119_ind_C000406_A000036	www.deseret.com	https://www.deseret.com/coronavirus/2022/2/25/22950587/ba-2-variant-covid-19-symptoms-reinfected	IND	The has a unique set of symptoms that show up differently for everyone.Driving the news: recently conducted an in-depth analysis into reinfection risks from the , investigating whether or not the BA.2 variant can infect people who already were infected with the omicron variant, per In the study, the researchers investigated 140,000 viral genomes from infected patients.They found there were 263 reinfections.The researchers found 47 people who had been reinfected with BA.2 after getting the original omicron variant. Symptoms: Symptoms for the reinfected were across the board, according to Most reinfections were mild.Some people had no COVID-19 symptoms or mild COVID-19 symptoms.About five people suffered “symptoms that were characterized as moderate, akin to flu-like symptoms,” according to .No hospitalizations or deaths were reported.The bigger picture: has suggested that the omicron variant can reinfect people, especially through the BA.2 subvariant.“Yes, you can get omicron twice,” Stanley Weiss, an epidemiologist at Rutgers School of Public Health, .He added, “If you had a mild infection, didn’t get a very good immune response, and you get exposed again with a big dose of the virus, it’s definitely possible.” 
20220225_160119_idn_C000408_A000007	www.radarcirebon.com	https://www.radarcirebon.com/2022/02/26/angin-kencang-dua-rumah-warga-mundu-atapnya-rusak/	IDN	CIREBON – Angin kencang kembali terjang wilayah Kabupaten Cirebon. Kali ini terjadi di Desa Suci, Kecamatan Mundu. Bencana alam angin kencang ini terjadi Sabtu 26 Februari 2022 sekitar pukul 15.00 WIB. Baca juga: Angin kencang tersebut mengakibatkan dua rumah warga di Blok Sucimanah, RT 001 Rw 003, Desa Suci, Kecamatan Mundu, Kabupaten Cirebon mengalami kerusakan. “Alhamdulillah tidak ada korban jiwa dalam bencana alam ini. Tercatat ada dua rumah warga yang terdampak,” kata Faozan, petugas BPBD Kabupaten Cirebon. Dua rumah milik warga tersebut, antara lain milik Adi Feri Saputra yang mengalami kerusakan sedang di bagian atap (Terbang) dan mengalami keretakan pada bagian dinding rumah. Baca juga: Kemudian, rumah milik Muhammad Robi mengalami kerusakan ringan di bagian atap rumah. Dijelaskan Faozan, angin besar datang dari arah selatan menuju ke utara sekita pukul 15.00 WIB. “Tim BPBD Kabupaten Cirebon telah melakukan asessment dan berkoordinasi dengan aparat desa setempat. Adapung kebutuhan yang sangat mendesak untuk korban angin kencang yakni berupa terpal, tikar, alat dapur, dan makanan cepat saji,” pungkasnya. (rdh) 
20220225_160119_mys_C000420_A000033	tech.hindustantimes.com	https://tech.hindustantimes.com/tech/news/nasa-raises-asteroid-threat-but-elon-musk-led-spacex-still-launches-50-satellites-71645874980951.html	MYS	Elon Musk led SpaceX has launched as many as 50 satellites despite the fact that NASA had earlier raised an asteroid warning against these launches. SpaceX, the space tech company founded and run by Elon Musk successfully launched 50 more Starlink satellites into space. This marked the eighth deployment of the company in just 2022 and the year has barely started. This deployment also comes after NASA (National Aeronautcs and Space Administration) raising its concerns against launching so many satellites in Earth’s lower orbit. Earlier this month, NASA a five-page letter to the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), highlighting the dangers of so many satellites in lower orbit of Earth and had said that it may endanger astronauts returning from space missions as well as disrupting the space agency’s ability to spot dangerous asteroids heading towards Earth .The main concern of NASA was that the orbital congestion can lead to incidents of crashes between different spacecraft in Earth orbit and these satellites. This was especially worrying as NASA claimed that the Starlink satellites of SpaceX lacked maneuverability to do course correction and avoid collision with space missions as well as other satellites in its orbit. Further, with so many satellites in the Earth’s lower orbit, there is a high chance of it affecting NASA asteroid detection system which may fail to detect asteroida hurtling towards Earth. However, with its continued launch in space, Elon Musk does not appear to have any plans to slow down. Also read: Looking for a smartphone? To check mobile finder SpaceX launches 50 satellites in spaceThe 50 Starlink satellites were launched on February 25. The satellites were carried by a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Twitter account of SpaceX that the deployment took place as usual and it was a successful mission. One highlight of the mission was the reusable rockets. This particular booster has been launched three other times in the past. Founder and CEO Musk has stated in the past that “fully and rapidly” reusable rockets are a key breakthrough in space exploration programs.The Starlink launches are also part of SpaceX’s vision of deploying 30,000 satellites as a part of its Gen 2 phase. NASA has been a vocal critic of this venture. In its letter to NTIA, NASA wrote that adding even more SpaceX satellites to orbit would increase the congestion “exponentially” and harm its asteroid defense system.“NASA estimates that there would be a Starlink in every single asteroid survey image taken for planetary defense against hazardous asteroid impacts, decreasing asteroid survey effectiveness by rendering portions of images unusable,” the American space agency wrote in the letter. 
20220225_160119_phl_C000423_A000033	mashable.com	https://mashable.com/article/space-meteorite-auction-dog-house	PHL	At a Christies auction, bids on a scrappy dog house did what a meteorite had done three years ago: They went through the roof. The rusty, corrugated tin shelter — with a gaping seven-inch hole on top — went for $44,100 earlier this week, more than double the amount fetched by the extraterrestrial rock that blasted through it. Meanwhile, an extremely rare auction lot — billed as the third-largest Martian rock on Earth and valued at up to $800,000 — failed to find a buyer when the sale closed on Feb. 23.The dog houses sale may reveal something about what drives private collectors to possess the rare objects that fall to Earth from outer space. Beyond their ancient ages and the distance theyve traveled is the notion of a close call: Something unexpected and otherworldly fell from the sky, and, in doing so, showed its potential for destruction. In some cases, the reminder of that power is more valuable than the rubble itself. Its incredibly unlikely for [a meteorite] to actually hit something thats in our day-to-day lives. Its incredibly unlikely for [a meteorite] to actually hit something thats in our day-to-day lives, James Hyslop, head of scientific instruments, globes, and natural history at Christies, told Mashable. The story behind the dog house began at 9:07 p.m. on April 23, 2019, according to its record in the Meteoritical Bulletin, . That night, a meteorite shower pelted a rainforest in central Costa Rica. Cameras at the summits of volcanoes captured the fireball, an unusually bright meteor. A chunk weighing close to two-thirds of a pound . Coincidentally, his name was Roky. The Brazilian Meteors Observation Network, University of Sao Paulo, and Sao Paulo State University figured out the trajectory of the meteorite, dubbed Arguas Zarcas, by reviewing four security videos and dashcam cameras.A note to concerned dog lovers: Roky survived the ordeal in better shape than his house. Roky, a German Shepherd in Costa Rica, wasnt injured by a meteorite that crashed into his dog house in 2019. Credit: Christies Appraising these astronomical objects at auction has more to do with a gut feeling, Hyslop admits. The only data Christies had to guide it was from Claxton, Georgia, that sold for $83,000 in 2007. A few years ago, Hyslop attended a meteorite exhibition in Paris. Outside in a glass box was a Chevy Malibu that had been struck by in 1992. I just thought that was such a great bit of theater, he said. Its not just these meteorites that capture our minds. I mean, we all know the story of the asteroid that crashed into Earth and caused the extinction of the dinosaurs. The impact that a meteorite has is a part of the story. I just thought that was such a great bit of theater. A meteorite struck a Chevy Malibu in 1992. Credit: Ingo Wagner dpa / Picture Alliance / Getty Images Scientists estimate that about 48.5 tons of billions-of-years-old meteor material rain down on the planet daily, much of which vaporizes in Earths atmosphere or falls into the ocean, which covers over 70 percent of the planet. Over 60,000 meteorites have been discovered on Earth. The vast majority come from asteroids, but a small sliver, , come from Mars or the moon, according to NASA. At least as originating from the Red Planet. In order for meteorites to get formally documented, the owner must give a large piece of it to an internationally authorized institution, such as a natural history museum. The institution will cut off a piece to preserve for enduring scientific research. The impact that a meteorite has is a part of the story. An Aguas Zarcas space rock that smashed into a dog house sold at auction for $21,420 on Feb. 23, 2022. Credit: Christies Christies auctioned a piece of Rokys rock that weighed half as much as the weight recorded in the Meteoritical Bulletin. The meteorite is mostly covered in a fusion crust, caused by its fiery descent through Earths atmosphere. Its front face features a reddish-brown streak from when it crashed through the oxidized tin roof. The meteorite, composed of carbon compounds, sold for $21,420. When Hyslop saw the unique remnants of the Costa Rican crash in the gallery, he thought it looked like an art installation. For me, it fits very comfortably alongside some very cool contemporary artworks of the moment, he said. Related Video: NASA astronauts grow first ever peppers in space 
20220225_160119_nam_C000426_A000028	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-10543041/Leeds-vs-Tottenham-Premier-League-2021-22-Live-Result.html	NAM	The beautiful madness that once fuelled the Leeds United of Marcelo Bielsa has gone. Its conviction has gone. Its defiance has gone. Its intoxication has gone.It has been replaced by something that flits between ordinariness and alarming fragility and is carrying his team on a trajectory that leads back to the Championship.They were demolished by a Tottenham team who were supposed to be undergoing a crisis of their own. The truth was that Antonio Conte’s side were in a different league. Tottenham returned to winning ways by hitting four past Leeds at Elland Road on Saturday Dejan Kulusevski fired the visitors in front early on with a terrific effort from inside the box It was a sorry afternoon for Marcelo Bielsa and his side, who have conceded 20 in five games MATCH FACTS AND PLAYER RATINGS Leeds (4-1-4-1): Meslier 4.5; Ayling 4.5, Llorente 3, Struijk 4 (Klich 46, 5), Firpo 4; Koch 4.5; Raphinha 5, Forshaw 5, Dallas 5.5, Harrison 5 (Rodrigo 46, 5); James 5Subs not used: Roberts, Klaesson, Gelhardt, Cresswell, Summerville, Kenneh Bookings: Firpo, Dallas, Moreno, KlichGoals: None Spurs (3-4-3): Lloris 6; Romero 7, Dier 7, Davies 7; Doherty 7.5, Winks 8, Hřjbjerg 8, Sessegnon 7 (Bergwijn 78, 6); Kulusevski 7.5 (Emerson 78, 6), Kane 8.5, Son 7 (Scarlett 87)Subs not used: Reguilon, Sanchez, Rodon, Austin, White, Devine Bookings: Davies, SessegnonGoals: Doherty 10, Kulusevski 15, Kane 27, Son 85Referee: C Pawson 7Attendance: 36,599MOM: Kane Spurs won by four but it could easily have been double that. Leeds have now conceded 20 goals in five games and have not won in the Premier League since they beat West Ham on January 16. It is difficult to see where their next victory is coming from. Judging by the boos and sullen abuse that emanated from some sections of the home support at the final whistle, the cult of personality around Bielsa is starting to fade. The Argentine has brought so much joy to Elland Road with his breathless, brilliant brand of football, but the Leeds board has a difficult decision to make now.Hobbled by the loss of several of their best players to long-term injuries, Leeds do not look like they know how to turn this around, leading to speculation that Bielsa’s time in charge is coming to an end, perhaps as soon as today. Spurs, by contrast, revived their hopes of qualifying for the top four.This was a return to the style with which Spurs stunned Manchester City last weekend. Harry Kane, just as against City, was breathtakingly good. He scored one — a beautifully assured volley — and created another for Son Heung-min. Aside from when Rodrigo chopped him down late on, Leeds could not get anywhere near him. Where once Bielsa’s habit of sitting on an upturned bucket seemed like a charming eccentricity, now it is starting to appear like a symbol of a team that is throwing it all away.‘The more adverse the situation is, the more I fortify myself to face it,’ he said last week. If given the chance, he needs to transmit that spirit to his team quickly.Leeds started strongly, pressing Spurs, rattling them with their challenges and refusing to let them settle. They almost took the lead on three minutes when Raphinha whipped in a free-kick and Pascal Struijk glanced a header across Hugo Lloris that flew just wide. Matt Doherty doubled Spurs lead shortly after to give Antonio Contes men breathing space Harry Kane then compounded Leeds misery by making it 3-0 inside just 27 minutes Kane was almost unplayable at times in the victory in a slightly deeper role in attackBut their ability to harry Spurs out of their stride did not last and soon the visitors began to pick them off. When they gave the ball away in midfield, Dejan Kulusevski played inside to Kane and he drifted a chip over Illan Meslier that fell just the wrong side of the post.It was only a brief reprieve though. Leeds’ defending has got more and more fragile as this season has gone on and after 10 minutes, Spurs tore them apart with a simple move. Harry Winks was the creator, making space for himself in midfield and threading a lovely ball inside Stuart Dallas for Ryan Sessegnon to run on to.He slid the ball across the edge of the six-yard box and Matt Doherty met it at the back post, side-footing high into the roof of the net.All the sound and fury went out of Elland Road then. It was as if the home crowd could feel what was coming. It only took five minutes for Spurs to extend their lead and this time they did not even have to excel to undo the Leeds defence, who did their work for them.There appeared to be little danger when Kulusevski was hemmed in near the corner flag by Junior Firpo but somehow he wriggled his way clear. He played a one-two with a team-mate that seemed to short-circuit Diego Llorente’s defensive instincts, as he ran past the ball and Kulusevski latched onto it and lashed in a left-footed shot. Son Heung-min raced onto one of his expert passes to seal the four-goal rout late on It was a brilliant afternoon on the whole for the visitors after their defeat at Burnley in the weekLeeds did come close to pulling a goal back almost immediately when the ball ricocheted around the Spurs area and Robin Koch clipped a snap shot against the face of the post. They also had a handball claim against Doherty turned down.They were isolated moments of hope that were dashed when Spurs scored again midway through the half.Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg was given time and space midway inside the Leeds half and lifted a brilliant ball over the head of the hapless Llorente into the path of Kane. He saw the ball late as it dropped but still guided a left-footed volley across Meslier from a tight angle.There is an ominous feel about what is happening here and the Leeds fans know it. Bielsa knows it, too. At half-time, he brought on Rodrigo and Mateusz Klich for Jack Harrison and Struijk.Leeds rallied for a short spell but Spurs looked like they were going to score every time they broke forward. Kane split their defence just before the hour with a raking cross-field pass to Doherty and his cross just eluded Sessegnon.Spurs should have scored a fourth a minute later. Kane turned and played Doherty through on goal but he hesitated and took an extra touch that allowed Meslier to narrow the angle and block his shot. The ball rebounded to Son, but his shot was charged down by Koch. But the same certainly cannot be said for Leeds, whose dismal run of form continuedLeeds’ frustration grew and their tackles flew. Conte was booked for protesting about a Rodrigo tackle on Cristian Romero but his team refused to be distracted. Sessegnon slammed a drive into the side-netting, Kulusevski was denied by a fine Meslier save.Leeds had one last chance to get back into the game but blew it. Lloris came haring out of his goal but Dallas got there first and dribbled towards goal. But, with Rodrigo screaming for the ball in the middle, Dallas delayed and his shot was blocked by Ben Davies.Spurs were still creating chances, though, and Kane created yet another, slipping the ball through to Emerson Royal, who tried to go round Meslier but was denied by the keeper’s outstretched hand.Five minutes from time, Kane’s promptings were finally rewarded. He lashed a brilliant pass over the top of the Leeds defence, leaving Llorente floundering again, into the path of Son, who cushioned the ball on his thigh, took another touch and slammed a shot past Meslier.It was a fitting end to a superb Spurs performance. Bielsa is now under huge pressure to keep hold of his job at Elland Road this seasonRelive Sportsmails live Premier League coverage of vs brought to you by OLIVER SALT. 
20220225_160119_nam_C000426_A000030	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/india-vs-sri-lanka-2nd-t20-live-score-online-updates-rain-7792233/	NAM	India take on Sri Lanka. (PTI Photo/Ravi Choudhary) A reinvigorated India will look to pocket their second series win in as many weeks and build on the gains made from a drastic change in their batting approach in the second T20 International against Sri Lanka here on Saturday. India were forced to look in the mirror after their early exit from the T20 World Cup last year but four months later, they look a transformed unit with a bunch of youngsters being tried out in various positions and roles. It is still early days but the -led side has already figured out the core group of players that will travel to Australia for the World Cup Down Under later this year. Young opener Ishan Kishan got a massive dose of confidence in the series opener on Thursday after his struggles against the West Indies. Finding strike rotation tough in the preceding series, Kishan was able to overcome that weakness against the Sri Lankan bowlers besides flaunting the strokeplay he is known for in the IPL. There is no time to settle in a T20 game and India have finally realised that, allowing them to post 180 plus totals regularly. 
20220225_160119_eth_C000432_A000034	mashable.com	https://mashable.com/article/rocket-moon-crash-space	ETH	If you dont know the French film, youve likely seen its iconic imagery: In the 1902 silent movie A Trip to the Moon, a rocket smashes into the eye of the Man in the Moon.One hundred and twenty years later, life will painfully imitate art. Bill Gray, who tracks objects in near-moon orbits for asteroid hunters in his spare time, recently noticed a four-ton rocket booster on a collision course with the far side of the moon. Its expected to make landfall on March 4 and will be the first-known space junk to unintentionally crash into the moon. Traveling at an estimated 3.3 miles per second, the hunk of metal, now believed to be left over from (Gray originally identified it as a SpaceX rocket booster), is expected to make a crater 65-feet long — about the size of a tractor-trailer, and smash into who-knows-how-many pieces. Though NASA and the European Space Agency werent monitoring the high-flying space junk — hardly anyone does — they have given credibility to the findings, . The impact will happen at 7:26 a.m. EST. China has denied ownership of the wayward rocket, saying the Change-5 T1 debris . Its hard to not imagine the moon man wincing from the blow. Given that it wont be the first time a rocket has slammed into his face — or that junk has scattered on the surface — perhaps he no longer flinches. But with humanitys growing lunar ambitions, the question is how much moon destruction, contamination, and littering is acceptable to us. The public kind of gets it, but we havent yet seen thinking about this in terms of an environmental movement. The public kind of gets it, but we havent yet seen thinking about this in terms of an environmental movement, said Scott Shackelford, an Indiana University professor of business and ethics, working on a framework for addressing space junk. The closest probably was , and frankly, thats pretty dated at this point. I would love to see more serious scholarly attention to build on how we avoid Wall-E. (In the animated film, the robot Wall-E spends centuries collecting garbage in a dystopian Earth wasteland.) Apollo-era lunar roving vehicles are among the 800 known items humans have left on the moon, according to NASA. Credit: NASA Trash on the moonAstronaut poop, scoops and tongs, moonquake experiments, a hammer, vomit bags, orbiters, cameras, mirrors, golf balls, cosmic ray detectors, shoes, roving vehicles, and $2 bills: In 2012, NASA published an inventory of the agency knows were discarded or installed on the moon. The purpose wasnt to take accountability for the U.S. mess, per se, but to keep a log of the items sprawled on the moon so they can be preserved. Thats right: Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrins poop are historical artifacts. Some even consider them . The moon hasnt been pristine for 70 years. Nations that have reached the far-flung destination have left their share of litter and blemishes, whether to lighten the load for the trip home or conduct research. Even Israels failed Beresheet landing three years ago left its mark, spilling dehydrated tardigrades, aka microscopic water bears, among its . Astronaut Buzz Aldrin, lunar module pilot, stands beside an American flag placed on the moon during Apollo 11. Credit: Bettmann / Getty Images Discarded stuff is an inevitable part of space exploration.I dont have a big problem with us leaving stuff on the moon, said Jonathan McDowell, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. His attention is on how such deep space junk could potentially impact humans and tamper with their interests, like science experiments running on the moon. Right now there isnt a lot of lunar clutter compared to whats circling Earth. But in 30 years, McDowell envisions moon bases and, thus, more traffic for lunar missions. Thats when garbage or errant collisions could become a serious problem, he said. And few are watching.The rocket on course to hit the moonGray, , is rooting for the hit. On his website, , he mused that scientists could learn from it. And, after all, if a rocket crashes into the moon, its not a threat to Earth.The rocket, , is one of many left in a chaotic orbit, meaning its cosmic track could change in a mathematically unpredictable way. When rockets are in low-Earth orbit, not far above many satellites, theyll stay there with a possibility to re-enter Earths atmosphere. If a rocket is sent farther out to a roomy orbit around the sun, on the other hand, itll essentially be lost forever, McDowell said. From Earth, a telescope operated by the Virtual Telescope Project captured the rocket stage on course to hit the moon. Credit: Virtual Telescope Project / Gianluca Masi An Israeli man reacts after the Beresheet spacecraft fails to land safely on the moon on April 11, 2019, in Tel Aviv, Israel. Credit: Amir Levy / Getty Images But if its dropped off in that intermediate zone between them, still orbiting Earth but far enough to get an occasional tug from the moons gravity, that could lead to several possible outcomes: The debris could fall back to Earth, get spit out into orbit around the sun, or bombard the moon. Based on outer space policies and agreements, leaving a rocket in this unpredictable state — and not keeping tabs on its whereabouts — isnt a crime. This is not a booboo, just to be clear. At least, not by current standards, McDowell said. Theres a different question of whether it should be considered a booboo. But by current sorts of best practices, its fine to leave your rocket in this sort of intermediate orbit.Environmentalism in spaceThe European Space Agency thinks the impending crash highlights the need for policy, not just for the space around Earth, but also the moon. It would take international consensus to establish effective regulations, but Europe can certainly lead the way,” said Holger Krag, head of the agencys space safety program, in . That issue — of little oversight and accountability for space junk — is at the heart of Shackelfords research, though hes focused on objects closer to the planet. Since the 1980s, major space treaties have stalled. He and Jean-Frédéric Morin, professor at Université Laval in Québec, and Eytan Tepper, a Laval space governance professor, have proposed a framework to regulate debris in space. Its a type of .Astro-environmentalism is an outgrowth of the . Its the idea that development in space should meet the needs of current generations without inhibiting the development goals of future generations.At Indiana University, Shackelford is executive director of the , which uses Nobel Prize-winning economist Elinor Ostroms theories on the governance of common resources to address problems. Rather than resort to top-down government control or private ownership, in so-called polycentric governance various groups come together to manage resources. A section of thermal insulation tile high above Earth flies outside the Space Shuttle Columbia in January 1986. Credit: Space Frontiers / Archive Photos / Hulton Archive/Getty Images The Department of Defense tracks about 27,000 artificial objects near Earth that are 4 inches or larger, but many smaller pieces cant be detected. Credit: Philipp Igumnov / Getty Images Real-life examples of polycentric governance are the and the Arctic Council, an intergovernmental forum on Antarctica. Even the approach to the COVID-19 pandemic, though imperfect, demonstrates how local, state, and national government, along with the public and academia, can coordinate on widespread issues. Through the workshop, Shackelford and his colleagues think they can make progress on a sizable space junk problem. The Department of Defense tracks about that are 4 inches or larger, but many smaller pieces cant be detected. NASA has estimated there are about 500,000 marble-size objects that arent monitored. Thats worrisome. Tiny flecks of garbage, like a screw zooming at 15,700 mph, can endanger satellites, spacecraft, and astronauts. Recent debris storms, such as when the International Space Station had to move to avoid junk from , have highlighted the problem. The clock is ticking. Shackelfords group completed the first step in their project: building a database of over 1,500 international space actors, including nations, institutions, and private companies that own or operate objects in orbit. From there, they will determine which parties are the most active and influential, and how theyre interconnected. Then you can figure if you get this group at the table, you can really make things happen pretty quick, even in such a complex system like this one, and even if we cant get consensus through the UN, he said.The workshop will be hosting a space governance policy lab to work with non-governmental organizations and companies that want to address these astro-environmental problems. Part of that process will be looking at codes of conduct and a mechanism for graduated sanctions against bad actors. The NELIOTA project, funded by the European Space Agency, detects a lunar impact flash on March 1, 2017. Credit: NELIOTA / ESA When I first started working on this stuff almost 20 years ago now, this was pretty far-out stuff, Shackelford said, The clock is ticking. And generally, the international community doesnt do a great job of acting on amorphous deadlines. Space experts emphasize when the rocket goes rogue Friday, it wont be the first human-made object to leave a lunar dent. NASA deliberately targeted Apollo-era rockets at the moon for surface seismometers to measure. More recently in 2006, ESAs Smart-1 spacecraft finished its science mission, then intentionally so scientists could study the event like a controlled meteoroid impact. In 2009, NASA into the moon, revealing water in the debris plume.And some even think this upcoming crash wont be the first accidental crater — just the first people are aware of. Between the 1960s and 1980s, about 50 human-made objects were left in chaotic orbits, McDowell said. The asteroid-monitoring surveys havent spotted them for decades.If I had to put money on it, McDowell said, Id guess probably five or six of them hit the moon, and we just dont know about it. UPDATE: Mar. 3, 2022, 3:00 p.m. EST This story was updated to include an image, captured by the Virtual Telescope Project, of the rocket booster on course to hit the moon on March 4, 2022. 
20220225_160119_mys_C000433_A000001	www.malaysiakini.com	https://www.malaysiakini.com/news/612239	MYS	Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakobs office has expressed disappointment with Malaysiakini over its article on his statement regarding Ukraine.Malaysiakini had in the article, highlighted that Ismail chose not to describe Russias attack on Ukraine as an invasion, but instead an It should be noted that Ismail did not mention Russia in the statement either or who Ukraine was in conflict with.In an email sent to Malaysiakini tonight, the premiers press secretary said the Prime Ministers Office was disappointed with the portal’s report.The email also avoided naming Russia or saying directly that Russia was attacking Ukraine.We are very disappointed on how Malaysiakini has published the article which has clearly diverted from the content of the original press release that was issued to you on the matterInstead of highlighting the prime minister’s concern on the conflict in Ukraine and its people, and his urgent call for all parties to amicably resolve the crisis through negotiations based on international law, you have deliberately misquoted a word used in the press release and diverted the gist of the press release entirely.Looking at the article that you have published, you are implying that the prime minister is playing down the seriousness of matter, the press secretary wrote.The press secretary added that Ismail had taken a strong stand against an act of invasion by any country while calling for peace, unlike other countries that have remained neutral.Ismails call for de-escalation without naming Russia or saying that Ukraine was under attack was in stark contrast with Singapore and Indonesia.Singapore said it was gravely concerned and strongly condemns the unprovoked invasion of Ukraine by Russia.Similarly, Indonesia called the military attack by Russia unacceptable.PM’s email in fullBelow is the unedited PMO email to Malaysiakini in full:Dear editor,Reference is made to your article dated 26.2.21 Ukraine situation: PM not calling it an invasionWe are very disappointed on how Malaysiakini has published the article which has clearly diverted from the content of the original Press release that was issued to you on the matterIntead of highlighting the PMs concern on the conflict in Ukraine and its people, and his urgent call for all parties to amicably resolve the crisis through negotiations based on international law, you have deliberately mis-quoted a word used in the press release and diverted the gist of the PR entirely.Looking at the article that you have published, you are implying that the PM is playing down the seriousness of matter.Freedom of press does allow you to write freely, but there is also an obligation for you to raise an article that uphold the truth.The article published was merely an attempt by your press to just to gain readers than reporting the truth.The PM has taken a strong stand against an act of invasion by any country and call for peace to be uphold, unlike certain countries who remain to be neutral over the crisis.Thank you.Related report: 
20220225_160119_mys_C000433_A000029	www.thisisanfield.com	https://www.thisisanfield.com/2022/02/liverpool-coach-reveals-tactical-switch-that-led-to-classic-joel-matip-goal/	MYS	Assistant manager has described ‘s line-breaking runs as a “new weapon” for Liverpool, with a tactical switch allowing for his goal against . It was the moment we had all been waiting for, as Matip surged up the pitch at Anfield, played a one-two with and clipped a brilliant finish over Illan Meslier for 2-0. Those trademark runs have become a feature of Liverpool’s game as their No. 32 has reclaimed a starting role this season, and finding the back of the net was a reward for his persistence. Lijnders, who often speaks with captivating depth on the Reds’ tactical approach, has now discussed how and his staff have looked to use that “new dynamic” to their advantage. “As always, we’re always searching for new weapons, we’re always searching for new dynamics to bring the ball out of the back,” the Dutchman told reporters. “We felt that, or we see that, our team became better at recognising when to step, when to switch quick. “With Joel, but also with Ibou, Joe and Virg, going into midfield like that, when they are the free player and when there is space, they can really go in to commit. “It’s not the first time that it happened – we call this the ‘classic Joel dribble’! “He does this a lot in the small-sided games, for example, he comes a lot one-vs-one with the goalkeeper when you play five-vs-five or six-vs-six. “I really believe that our positional game, or the way we bring the ball out from the back, improved massively over the years. “This is one of these steps we had to make, that our centre-halves are able to…basically you want to create the last pass from everywhere. “That should even be a centre-half who is able to play the last pass – even Ali should be able to play the last pass. “Then you see that the team is connected, and that’s a good sign.” 
20220225_160119_zwe_C000454_A000033	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/the-last-day-of-the-dinosaurs-new-details-on-devastating-asteroid-that-hit-earth/	ZWE	Artistic reconstruction of the Seiche wave surging into the Tanis river, bringing in fishes and everything in its path (dinosaurs, trees) while impact spherules rain down from the sky. Some dinosaurs are still trying to get away but we know they will not get far. Ants try to get back into their nest as the just blooming dianthus in the foreground are already being impacted by the impact spherules. Credit: Joschua KnüppeThe asteroid which killed nearly all of the dinosaurs struck Earth during springtime. This conclusion was drawn by an international team of researchers after having examined thin sections, high-resolution synchrotron X-ray scans, and carbon isotope records of the bones of fishes that died less than 60 minutes after the asteroid impacted. The team presents its findings in the journal Nature.The researchers from Uppsala University in Sweden, Vrije Universiteit (VU) in Amsterdam, Vrije Universiteit in Brussels (VUB), and the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility (ESRF) in France turned to the unique Tanis locality in North Dakota (United States) to find fossilized paddlefishes and sturgeons which were direct casualties of the so-called Chicxulub meteorite impact that also marked the last day of the dinosaurs. The impact rocked the continental plate and caused massive standing waves in water bodies. These mobilized enormous volumes of sediment that engulfed fishes and buried them alive while impact spherules rained down from the sky, less than an hour after impact.Fossil fishes in the Tanis event deposit were pristinely preserved, with their bones showing almost no signs of geochemical alteration. The synchrotron X-ray data, which are made available for anyone to explore, confirms that filtered-out impact spherules are still stuck in their gills. Even soft tissues have been preserved!Selected fish bones were studied for the reconstruction of latest Cretaceous seasonality. “These bones registered seasonal growth very much like trees do,” says Sophie Sanchez of Uppsala University and the ESRF.A paddlefish from Tanis, prior to scanning at the ESRF. On the right, the rostrum (paddle) is missing and on the left everything behind the shoulder fin is missing. Credit: During et al.”The retrieved growth rings not only captured the life histories of the fishes but also recorded the latest Cretaceous seasonality and thus the season in which the catastrophic extinction occurred,” states senior author Jeroen van der Lubbe of the VU in Amsterdam.An additional line of evidence was provided by the distribution, shapes, and sizes of the bone cells, which are known to fluctuate with the seasons as well. “In all studied fishes, bone cell density and volumes can be traced over multiple years. These were on the rise but had not yet peaked during the year of death,” says Dennis Voeten of Uppsala University.Melanie During excavating a paddlefish in the Tanis deposit. Credit: Jackson LeibachOne of the studied paddlefishes was subjected to stable carbon isotope analysis to reveal its annual feeding pattern. The availability of zooplankton, its prey of choice, oscillated seasonally and peaked between spring and summer.“This temporary increase of ingested zooplankton enriched the skeleton of its predator with the heavier 13C carbon isotope relative to the lighter 12C carbon isotope,” explains Suzan Verdegaal-Warmerdam of the VU Amsterdam. “The carbon isotope signal across the growth record of this unfortunate paddlefish confirms that the feeding season had not yet climaxed – death came in spring,” infers Melanie During from Uppsala University and the VU Amsterdam and lead author of the publication.The end-Cretaceous mass extinction represents one of the most selective extinctions in the history of life that saw the demise of all non-avian dinosaurs, pterosaurs, ammonites, and most marine reptiles, while mammals, birds, crocodiles, and turtles survived. Because we now know that the extinction must have abruptly started during northern-hemisphere spring, we start to understand that this event took place during particularly sensitive life stages of latest Cretaceous organisms, including the onset of reproduction cycles. And because southern-hemisphere autumn coincides with spring in the Northern Hemisphere, the preparation for winter may have just protected organisms in the Southern Hemisphere.“This crucial finding will help to uncover why most of the dinosaurs died out while birds and early mammals managed to evade extinction,” concludes Melanie During.For more on this research, see .Reference: “The Mesozoic terminated in boreal spring” by Melanie A. D. During, Jan Smit, Dennis F. A. E. Voeten, Camille Berruyer, Paul Tafforeau, Sophie Sanchez, Koen H. W. Stein, Suzan J. A. Verdegaal-Warmerdam and Jeroen H. J. L. van der Lubbe, 23 February 2022, Nature. 
20220225_160119_tza_C000458_A000018	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/26/berkshire-hathaway-brk-earnings-q4-2021.html	TZA	Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett.Andrew Harnik | APs operating profits surged in the fourth quarter and for the full year as the conglomerates businesses continued to roar back to life from the pandemic economic slowdown. Chairman Warren Buffett increased his bet on that comeback, buying back a record amount of Berkshire shares in 2021.The companys operating earnings — which encompass profits made from the myriad of businesses owned by the conglomerate like insurance, railroads and utilities — totaled $7.285 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021, according to a company release posted Saturday. Thats up roughly 45% from the year-earlier periods profit of $5.021 billion.For the year, Berkshires operating earnings totaled $27.455 billion. Thats up 25.2% from 2020s $21.992 billion.Berkshire used $6.9 billion to buy back shares in the fourth quarter, bringing the total in share repurchases to approximately $27 billion for 2021. Thats a record amount and up from the $24.7 billion repurchased as the pandemic raged in 2020. However, the fourth-quarter buyback pace was a bit slower than the $7.6 billion repurchased in the third quarter.Despite these aggressive buybacks, Berkshires cash hoard at the end of 2021 stood at about $146.72 billion. Thats down only slightly from a record $149.2 billion at the end of the third quarter.Buffett explained in his accompanying that he and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger found little that excites them in terms of big acquisitions that was once their hallmark. Instead, the pair increasingly finds share repurchases as the best way to deploy cash at this time.Stock picks and investing trends from CNBC Pro:Through that simple act, we increase your share of the many controlled and non-controlled businesses Berkshire owns, Buffett wrote in the letter. When the price/value equation is right, this path is the easiest and most certain way for us to increase your wealth.Overall earnings, which reflect Berkshires fluctuating equity investments, came in at $39.646 billion for the quarter. Thats up about 10% from the year-earlier period of $35.835 billion.However, Berkshire tends to downplay the importance quarterly changes in the companys investment gains or losses.The amount of investment gains/losses in any given quarter is usually meaningless and delivers figures for net earnings per share that can be extremely misleading to investors who have little or no knowledge of accounting rules, Berkshire said.Earnings from Berkshires railroad, utilities and energy business jumped 12.3% to $2.241 billion from $1.995 billion a year earlier. Meanwhile, Berkshires insurance-underwriting business earned $372 million after losing $299 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.The earnings report came as broke out to a record high this year, up nearly 7%.Full-year overall earnings came in at $89.795 billion, more than double 2020s total of $42.521 billion. 
20220225_160119_tza_C000458_A000020	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/a_lenovo_legion_y700_gaming_tablet_and_two_laptops_will_be_unveiled_alongside_the_y90_smartphone-news-53340.php	TZA	Info on Lenovos upcoming hardware launch has been steadily trickling in over the past few weeks. An event is set for where apparently Lenovo will be unveiling the at least four new Legion devices - the gaming smartphone, which has already been the subject of , and , also at least two gaming laptops - the Y7000P and Y9000P, with 12th gen Intel CPUs and an Y700 gaming tablet. Lenovo Legion Y7000P laptop Most of this info has already been known in some capacity, but details on the Legion Y700 tablet have now started to amass including a full specs sheet and a set of early hands-on photos. Lets start with hardware first as summarized by a convenient leaked specs table, covering both the Y90 phone and Y700 tablet. Lenovo Legion Y90 and Y700 specs The Y700 is rocking an 8.8-inch, 2560 x 1600-pixel, 120Hz LCD display, with an advertised 500 nits of brightness with DC dimming, Dolby Vision and HDR10 support. Powering it - a Qualcomm Snapdragon 870 chipset, paired with either an 8GB/128GB or 12GB/256GB LPDDR5 RAM and UFS 3.1 storage combo and a vapor chamber to keep things cool. Lenovo Y700 tablet shots The Y700 has a 6,650 mAh battery and supports 45W charging with PD and QC support. It will ship with a 50W charger. Lenovo Y700 tablet screenshots and charger Some of its other cool features include a USB 3.1 Gen 2 port, which should mean data transfer speeds of up to 10 Gbps. Also, dual x-linear motors for advanced haptic feedback in games and stereo JBL speakers. There is a 3.5mm jack also on board and a 13MP main and 8MP selfie cameras. | | 
20220225_160119_tza_C000458_A000028	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/sportsnews/article-10554875/Manchester-United-players-hold-banner-peace-Watford-kick-Old-Trafford.html	TZA	Manchester United players and manager Ralf Rangnick join the calls for peace in Ukraine as they hold up a banner with Watford before kick-off at Old Trafford - with similar anti-war messages displayed around the Premier LeagueThe players from the two teams gathered behind a banner with a peace symbol Words around read peace in many languages including Russian and Ukraine The idea was reported to have come from United interim boss Ralf Rangnick By Published: 15:35 BST, 26 February 2022 | Updated: 16:29 BST, 26 February 2022 and players have protested against the Russian by holding up a banner before their Premier League game.United interim boss held the banner which had the peace sign in the middle with the word peace in numerous languages around it.Russian and Ukrainian were among the languages to be featured on the sign, along with German, French, Spanish and English, and the gesture from both teams was applauded by the Old Trafford crowd. The German - who was said to have been behind the idea to hold the sign - was also pictured wearing a NO WAR badge on the touchline.Elsewhere in the Premier League, Crystal Palace displayed a banner on the big screen in Selhurst Park reading WE STAND WITH UKRAINE alongside a picture of the Ukrainian flag before their game against Burnley.A banner saying NO WAR was also displayed ahead of Brightons match against Aston Villa, in which Matty Cash was controversially booked after celebrating his goal by displaying a t-shirt in support of a Polish team-mate caught up in the invasion of Ukraine.We stand with Ukraine banners with Ukrainian defender Vitaliy Mykolenkos face on have already been displayed outside Goodison Park ahead of the late clash between Everton and Manchester City.Meanwhile, love hearts surrounding the word Ukraine were displayed on the electronic advertising in the early kick-off at Elland Road, where Tottenham thrashed Leeds 4-0. Manchester United and Watford held up a sign protesting the Russian invasion of Ukraine Ralf Rangnick was also seen wearing a NO WAR badge on the Old Trafford touchline Crystal Palace displayed a banner on the big screen in Selhurst Park before playing Burnley There was also a NO WAR banner displayed ahead of Brightons match against Aston VillaRussias invasion of Ukraine began in the early hours of Thursday morning as Putin declared war.On Saturday, defiant president Volodmyr Zelensky today said his countrys army had successfully repelled Russian forces advancing on Kyiv and was in control of the capital after a night of brutal fighting that saw terrified residents seeking shelter underground.In a video message to the besieged nation, Zelensky accused the Kremlin of attempting to seize Kyiv, overthrow the government and install a puppet regime like in Donetsk, one of two separatist regions which warmonger Vladimir Putin officially recognised before launching an all-out invasion.Declaring we broke their idea, he added: The fights are going on in many cities and areas of our state. But we know that we are protecting the country, the land, the future of our children. Kyiv and key cities around the capital are controlled by our army. Matty Cash was controversially booked for taking his shirt off revealing a message of support to a Polish team-mate caught up in Ukraine invasion A We Stand with Ukraine banner with Vitaliy Mykolenkos face on has been displayed outside Goodison Park Love hearts surrounding the word Ukraine were seen in the early kick-off at LeedsThe idea to hold up the banner was reported to have come from Rangnick in the same week The gestures come after a high-rise apartment block in Kyiv was hit by a devastating missile this morning, while Ukraines civilian death toll hit 198.Britains Ministry of Defence said the bulk of Russian forces involved in the advance on Kyiv were now 30 km (19 miles) from the city centre.Russia has yet to gain control of the airspace over Ukraine greatly reducing the effectiveness of the Russian Air Force, the defence ministry said in an intelligence update posted on Twitter.But armed forces minister James Heappey said today there was no reason to think a happy ending is just around the corner as he warned the conflict could rumble on for months. Ukraines president Volodymyr Zelenskyy claimed Russian forces had been repelled from Kyiv Share or comment on this article: 
20220225_160119_zaf_C000470_A000021	www.cnbcafrica.com	https://www.cnbcafrica.com/2022/how-microsoft-and-sony-could-change-the-200-billion-video-game-industry/	ZAF	Big moves are happening in the video game industry. Microsoft, the tech giant behind the Xbox console, announced plans in early 2022 to buy Activision Blizzard, the force behind Call of Duty and World of Warcraft, among other major titles. This $68.7 billion all-cash acquisition is expected to close in 2023. If approved by regulators and shareholders, it will be the largest tech deal in history. Theres been a consolidation wave going on in the game space for the last several years, said Eric Handler, managing director and senior research analyst at MKM Partners. Youve had a lot of private equity money flow into the industry. Its highly fragmented. Its just natural to see consolidation. Microsoft being a trillion-dollar company, obviously, they can do bigger deals. Shortly after the Microsoft-Activision purchase, Sony announced plans to buy Bungie in a deal valued at $3.6 billion. Bungie is currently the developer of the Destiny series, a multiplayer online game that incorporates first-person shooter and role-playing mechanics. Bungie remains best known for creating the original Halo, a first-person shooter that launched with the first Xbox console in 2001. Fri, 25 Feb 2022 17:54:42 GMT 
20220225_160119_uga_C000473_A000036	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/society/2022/feb/26/will-we-get-a-single-variant-proof-vaccine-for-covid	UGA	This week the government announced for the over-75s and suggested a further shot is likely to be needed in the autumn. But imagine if the next Covid vaccine jab you have were the last you would ever need. That’s a dream being actively pursued now by researchers, who feel it could be possible to make a “universal” vaccine against the Sars-CoV-2 virus that would work well not only against all existing variants but any that the virus could plausibly mutate into in the future.Some are thinking even bigger. In January, Joe Biden’s chief medical adviser, Anthony Fauci, and two other experts called for more research into “universal coronavirus vaccines” that would work not only against Sars-CoV-2 but against the many other coronaviruses in animal populations that have the potential to spill over into humans and cause future pandemics. “We need a research approach that can characterise the global ‘coronaviral universe’ in multiple species,” Fauci and colleagues , “and apply this information in developing broadly protective ‘universal’ vaccines against all [coronaviruses].”Is that just a fantasy? Not necessarily. After all, many considered it fanciful, when the pandemic began, that we’d have a vaccine against Covid-19 . But experience has proved that “we as a research community can pull together and do remarkable things,” says Larry Corey, a virologist and vaccine expert at the University of Washington in Seattle.The current vaccines were developed against the original “ancestral” variant of Sars-CoV-2. They still work remarkably well against the new variants in preventing severe disease – Corey says that even against Delta there seems to be about a 90-fold difference in the death rate between vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals. But the Omicron variant has caused alarm by its ability to transmit faster than the others and to infect vaccinated people. Although very few such individuals develop serious symptoms from Omicron, it can actively suppress the immune defences that vaccination (as well as natural infection) activate.A woman receives a Covid jab in Bangkok, Thailand, last month. The country is battling a spike in Omicron cases. Photograph: Anusak Laowilas/NurPhoto/REX/ShutterstockVariants acquire changes to the chemical structure of the viral proteins, through random mutations when the virus replicates, that give them some competitive advantage – improved transmissibility, say. Many of these changes happen on the so-called spike protein, which sticks out of the virus shell and latches on to proteins in the membranes of human cells, creating a point of attachment and attack. Omicron has, showing how much capacity Sars-CoV-2 has to spring surprises.One answer is to adapt the vaccines to the variants. The mRNA vaccines made by Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna contain RNA molecules that act as templates for our cells to make harmless fragments of the spike protein. This is the vaccine’s antigen, provoking the immune system to find antibody molecules that will recognise the viral protein and mobilise immune cells against it. Then if the actual virus gets into our bodies, our immune system is primed to identify and destroy it. Other vaccines, such as AstraZeneca’s, use other methods to elicit the same immune priming. If the spike protein of a variant has a slightly different structure, in principle we can change the RNA molecule to one that encodes part of this new protein.One option is to give the immune system many ways to spot, and suppress, the invader, in the hope that one will workIf, as widely expected, Sars-CoV-2 eventually becomes endemic in the population, constantly circulating at a low level like flu and cold viruses but with the potential to produce an epidemic outbreak, the vaccines could be tailored to whatever variants are currently in circulation. This is more or less what happens with flu: each season’s flu vaccine is based on a best guess of what that season’s strains are likely to be.That’s all very well – except that Omicron has shown how rapidly a significantly new variant of the coronavirus can appear and spread globally. Pfizer and Moderna are now working on a . But even if this can be made and tested within a few months, that may be too late. So a universal vaccine that can protect against all variants could be preferable. “We need a vaccine that has potential to protect broadly and proactively against multiple coronavirus species and strains,” says Kayvon Modjarrad, who leads a team seeking to develop one at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in Silver Spring, Maryland.At the moment we have no pan-variant vaccine for any endemic virus. Researchers have long dreamed of a universal vaccine that would make flu epidemics less lethal, and . The design principle for a universal Covid vaccine would follow similar lines.One option might be to prime the immune system to recognise not just one bit of a viral protein, but lots of bits – not all of which are likely to change (or change significantly) at once in any new variant. We’d give the immune system many different ways to spot, and then suppress, the invader, in the hope that one will work. This might involve, for example, making an mRNA vaccine that contains many different RNA molecules, each encoding as a different protein fragment. Or a single particle in the vaccine could hold several different fragments.Alternatively, you can look for parts of the virus that seem to be “conserved” across variants: proteins (or bits of them) that don’t mutate much at all, presumably because such changes would be too detrimental to the virus. But how can you know what those will be, even for variants that haven’t emerged yet? One way is to see if highly conserved protein regions exist already among a whole family of related coronaviruses. “If you can find things that are in common between Sars-CoV-2, Sars [the related respiratory virus that caused alarm in 2003], and a bunch of other animal coronaviruses, then the likelihood is that the next variant of Sars-CoV-2 will have them too,” says Skip Virgin, chief scientific officer of San Francisco-based Vir Biotechnology, which is working with GlaxoSmithKline on vaccine development – a collaboration that has already produced for alleviating Covid symptoms.At the moment, researchers are mostly striving for the relatively modest target of hitting just a subset of the coronavirus universe: typically, to stimulate an immune response against a part of the spike protein, called the receptor binding domain (RBD), shared by Sars, Sars-CoV-2 and closely related bat coronaviruses. The RBD is the part of the spike protein that latches on to the host cells. Although some of the variants have small mutations in their RBD, its chemical structure doesn’t change much: create a strong immune response to the RBD and it should work against any virus in this family.Sars-CoV-2 particles captured by a transmission electron micrograph. Photograph: AlamyModjarrad’s team began (looking just at the safety) of their pan-variant vaccine in April 2021. It uses a tiny nanoparticle called ferritin – a natural protein that stores iron atoms in the body – studded with many copies of the Sars-CoV-2 RBD.It has been long known that many copies of an antigen in a single vaccine particle elicit a stronger immune response than a single copy does. The institute is cagey about releasing details of its progress until its clinical trial data has been published. In December, however, the showing that their ferritin vaccine confers good protection in macaques not only against the ancestral form of Sars-CoV-2 but also against the Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Delta variants, and the original Sars virus.Barton Haynes of the Duke University School of Medicine in North Carolina is taking a similar approach with RBD-studded ferritin-based nanoparticles. Last May he and his coworkers that protected macaques against Sars-CoV-2, Sars, and some Sars-like bat coronaviruses. Very recently they showed that it generates a against the Delta and Omicron variants too.Haynes says they hope to start human clinical trials at the end of 2022. If they work out, he thinks that it might take a year or two before the vaccine is ready to use, depending on whether it’s deemed different enough from those we have already to warrant another large-scale Phase III clinical trial before being approved.These efforts might yield a vaccine resistant to all SARS-CoV-2 variants – but in principle such approaches might have an even wider scope, offering the universal coronavirus vaccines that Fauci and colleagues have called for. Haynes says that would probably entail finding the crucial RBDs for other families and adding those on to the particles too. That’s the beauty of the nanoparticle approach: it can readily incorporate a variety of protein fragments into a so-called multivalent vaccine.The first axiom of infectious disease is, never underestimate your pathogen. One wouldn’t bet against this virusFinding the right protein fragments could mean combing through the thousands of coronaviruses such as bats, civet cats and raccoon dogs, as well as the four coronaviruses already endemic in human populations and which cause mild cold-like respiratory symptoms. It would be a huge task. But now we know the awful dangers such coronaviruses (which include those that caused outbreaks of Sars in 2003 and Mers in 2012) pose, the investment would be cheap compared with the economic and social harm it might prevent. Haynes hopes it might ultimately be possible for a single jab to protect against all coronaviruses for five to 10 years.Of course, no one can be sure what the fiendishly ingenious Covid-19 virus has in store for the future. “The first axiom of infectious disease is, never underestimate your pathogen,” says Corey. “The rapidity with which we’ve got four major variants in two and a half years is unprecedented and surprising. One wouldn’t bet against this virus.”But even viruses have limits. For example, despite Omicron’s extensive set of mutations, Vir’s sotrovimab still works against it. “Viruses can change some things but have a really hard time changing others,” says Virgin. “There are some things a virus just can’t get away with changing.” If you can find them, you’re in business. “I am optimistic that we can generate a vaccine that will give truly broad protection,” he says.Even the current vaccines still do well at preventing deaths, and we’re building up an arsenal of antivirals and other treatments too. What might be more important now, Corey says, is a vaccine that does better against all variants at blocking transmission. Even when death rates are reduced, “we are seeing the fabric of our lives, our travel, the things that make modern culture, be interfered with enormously,” he says. So we need second-generation vaccines that can prevent widespread infection – a goal that Corey says is widely regarded as tougher, and which would be hard to assess until they are rolled out.It’s tempting to think that we need to solve this pandemic before preparing for the next one, says Virgin, but “there’s absolutely no reason that your pandemic response can’t prepare you for the next”. And after all, he adds, it’s easier to persuade governments to spend on solving an existing problem than on one that hasn’t happened yet.“We really want to get to the point where we’re preventing the next pandemic, not responding to it,” says Neil King of the University of Washington in Seattle, who is a universal nanoparticle-based coronavirus vaccine. “The only way to do that is through broadly protective vaccines.” How marvellous it would be if, in developing a variant-proof Covid vaccine, we end up with one that can avoid the next pandemic too. 
20220225_160119_mys_C000483_A000025	www.soompi.com	https://www.soompi.com/article/1514818wpp/the-boyzs-agency-shares-update-on-legal-action-against-false-rumors-and-invasions-of-privacy	MYS	Last year, IST Entertainment (then known as Cre.ker) announced that they would take legal action against the of false rumors and against , people who violate the privacy of an artist. Hello, this is IST Entertainment. First, we would like to thank all the fans who are showing so much support for THE BOYZ. In February 2021, we announced that we were taking legal action against the creation and spread of false rumors. We received the evidence you sent us regarding this and also internally collected our own evidence. On March 25, 2021, we finished filing our complaint with the criminal investigation authorities through our legal representatives using this evidence of malicious comments and other documentation. On April 30, 2021, we cooperated with the investigation authorities’ request that our legal representatives and the cyber investigative team work together on the police investigation. Afterward, we continued to monitor for more evidence and collected the evidence emailed to us by fans, and so our legal representatives was able to provide our collected proof and documentation review during the investigation. Although we have announced legal action, our artists continue to suffer mental pain and psychological anxiety from the creation and spread of baseless false rumors, personal insults, and malicious comments. We are collecting this evidence and taking legal action in order to protect our artists’ rights. In order to achieve powerful results and strengthen the system that protects our artists, we repeat that we will take strong and active action against those who recklessly make malicious posts and spread rumors. We plan to continue collecting evidence and taking strong legal action in multiple rounds in order to properly apply legal responsibility on those who spread false rumors. Even after we discussed this behavior in a statement on June 22, 2021, there have been multiple invasions of the artists’ private lives, including private spaces (like the dorm, agency offices, hair salons) and conflict with the group’s staff members. This continues to cause mental suffering to the artists and their staff. We have sent the police the CCTV footage of these people engaging in behavior such as refusing to respond to attempts to stop them and getting in the way during filming or on the road. We actively inform the police as soon as these incidents occur. If this behavior continues and the staff is not able to stop it, then we will take strong and active legal action. We also request a stop to such behavior as illegally obtaining the artists’ contact information and actively calling and messaging them. We ask that people stop doing things that give selfish benefit at the expense of harm to others and ask for your cooperation so that our artists will not be harmed. We will do our best to protect our artists’ rights for THE BOYZ and the fans who love THE BOYZ. We ask that you continue to email us evidence of the posting and spread of baseless and false rumors, personal attacks, and malicious comments. We will continue to take strong action with evidence from fans and the evidence we collect. 
20220225_160119_mys_C000483_A000033	tech.hindustantimes.com	https://tech.hindustantimes.com/tech/news/nasa-asteroid-larger-than-burj-khalifa-skyscraper-heading-for-earth-at-26800-mph-71645891637850.html	MYS	A potentially hazardous asteroid is making its way towards Earth, NASA says, but is this the time to worry? We are a just week away from yet another large asteroid that will make a close approach to Earth and it has been categorised as “potentially hazardous” by NASA. The Near-Earth asteroid has been named Asteroid 138971 (2001 CB21) and it is estimated to be up to 3,940 feet in diameter, which makes it even bigger than the world’s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa. The giant asteroid is expected to make its closest approach to Earth on March 4, 2022, at 2:59 am Eastern Time. NASA’s Center for Near-Earth Object Studies (CNEOS) reported that it is speculated to be traveling at speed more than 26800 miles per hour. But does this huge asteroid, which is categorised as “potentially hazardous”, pose any risk to Earth?Well, the news about the hazardous asteroid making its way close to Earth can make anyone worried, considering the horrific destructive power that it carries due to its size and speed at which it is travelling. But the good news is despite having a gigantic structure and lightning speed, it doesn’t pose any risk to Earth. Actually, the asteroid is not even expected to get any closer than 3 million miles to Earth, which is almost more than 12 times the distance between our planet and the moon. So, you don’t need to worry much about it. Then why is it categorised as “potentially hazardous”? Also read: Looking for a smartphone? To check mobile finder Actually, NASAs Centre for Near-Earth Object Studies keeps track of asteroids that have the potential to collide with Earth. NASA tracks almost 1,000 asteroids that have passed close to Earth since 1968. And when an asteroid with a diameter of more than 150 meters approaches Earth, NASA classifies it as a potentially hazardous asteroid and monitors it closely. Hence, NASA classified Asteroid 138971 (2001 CB21) as potentially hazardous, which has gained a lot of interest. The reason to worry stems from the fact that, though the asteroid is on course to pass harmlessly by, but if for any reason, its course is changed by some unforeseen object, then there is no saying what will happen- it may even head directly for Earth..Back in January, an Astronomer at the Virtual Telescope Project in Italy, Gianluca Masi took a picture of this giant asteroid when it was at a distance of more than tens of millions of miles. Now, as the asteroid made its way nearer the Earth, Masi managed to click another photo of the asteroid, and this time it was about 6.2 million miles away from our planet. Have a look here: You can see a sharp white dot in the image indicated by the white arrow at the center which is the upcoming giant asteroid. The telescope tracked the apparent motion of the asteroid, so it looks like a sharp dot, with surrounding stars appearing slightly elongated, the astronomer Gianluca Masi mentioned on his website. He further mentioned that the image has been captured from a single 120-second exposure shot taken remotely using a PlaneWave 17-inch robotic telescope unit. 
20220225_160119_nam_C000490_A000003	www.namibian.com.na	https://www.namibian.com.na/110338/read/Presidential-Diplomacies-and-Namibias-Growing-International-Profile	NAM	2022-06-03FORMER Black Africa and national team netball star Yvonne Kotjipati, who was born and bred at Okahandja, started her netball journey at Nau-Aib Primary School before she further honed her skills at Jan Mohr Secondary School in Windhoek. 
20220225_160119_ind_C000492_A000015	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/business/economy/govt-clears-20-fdi-lic-ahead-mega-ipo-7792177/	IND	The UNION Cabinet on Saturday cleared an amendment to the FDI Policy to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) up to 20 per cent under the “automatic route” in the state-owned Life Insurance Corporation. This comes ahead of its proposed initial public offer (), which is expected to be the largest in the Indian capital markets so far. “The change in FDI policy is sufficient to facilitate foreign investment in LIC up to 20 per cent,” said a government official noting that an amendment to the LIC Act, 1956, was not required. As per industry estimates, the government expects to mobilise Rs 63,000-66,000 crore from the proposed share sale to meet its disinvestment target of Rs 78,000 crore for FY22. While LIC is yet to announce the IPO price, market estimates it to be Rs 2,000-2,100 per share. The existing FDI Policy does not prescribe any specific provision for foreign investment in LIC, which is established under the LIC Act, 1956. The FDI ceiling for LIC has now been made at par with that of public sector banks.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium While the government had last year raised the FDI limit in the insurance sector to 74 per cent from 49 per cent, it did not cover LIC that is governed by a specific legislation. ExplainedPositive signal to investorsWITH just a month to go for the financial year to close, the government is doing all it requires to ensure that the LIC IPO is successful. Allowing FDI will ensure that foreign portfolio investors are able to purchase shares in the secondary market. It also sends a positive signal to investors. “Since as per the present FDI Policy, the FDI ceiling for public sector banks is 20 per cent on government approval route, it has been decided to allow foreign investment up to 20 per cent for LIC and such other bodies corporate. Further, to expedite the capital raising process, such FDI has been kept on the automatic route, as is in the case of rest of the insurance sector,” a government source said. Foreign investors may be desirous of participating in the IPO of LIC, and this change would facilitate FDI in LIC and such other bodies corporate, for which the government may have a requirement for disinvestment purposes, sources said. On Friday, the National Stock Exchange decided to relax the eligibility criteria of Nifty equity indices and for replacement of stocks in various indices, reducing the minimum listing history of constituents from three months to one calendar month, effective March 31. This relaxation is expected to pave the way for LIC’s inclusion in the benchmark Nifty 50 Index. Since many passive funds allocate investments to indices and index stocks, the move, along with FDI permission, is expected to enable large inflows in the LIC IPO. Once market regulator SEBI approves the issue, the IPO is likely to open for subscription in the second week of March and trading will commence by the third week, industry sources said. The government is going ahead with the listing of the latter’s shares, despite increased volatility in the markets amid increasing global concerns following Russia’s attack on . Sources said the government expects this move, along with other simplifications in FDI policy, to “make India an attractive investment destination”. FDI inflows into India rose to $81.97 billion in 2020-21, from $ 74.39 billion in 2019-20. “The FDI policy reform will further enhance Ease of Doing Business in the country, leading to larger FDI inflows and thereby contributing to growth of investment, income and employment,” they said. FDI in currently permitted sectors is allowed up to the limit indicated against each sector/activity subject to applicable laws/regulations. “Insurance” is a permitted sector under FDI policy rules, however, it currently lists only Insurance Company and “intermediaries or insurance intermediaries” under the “Insurance” sector. LIC being a statutory corporation, is not covered under either of these. Further, no limit is prescribed presently for foreign investment in LIC under the LIC Act, 1956; the Insurance Act, 1938; the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999, or regulations made under the respective Acts. Therefore, this amendment has been made to specifically allow 20 per cent FDI in LIC. In an interview with earlier this month, the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) Secretary Tuhin Kanta Pandey said that 20 per cent FDI should be sufficient considering that existing regulations and the requirements. “…because LIC is not an insurance company, so insurance laws strictly does not apply to it, except for some of the provisions of insurance, which are indicated in the LIC Act itself. We have to retain 51 per cent by law. We cannot go below that. And even if we go for an IPO, we will be able to dilute only up to 25 per cent within the first five years. We can not go more than this as per the law. And then we have the law that no single person can own more than 5 per cent. So 20% (FDI) is more than enough for us, if we go for that route,” he had said. As of September 2021, LIC policyholders had investments of Rs 39,49,516.37 crore on a standalone basis. This is more than 3.3 times higher than total assets under management (AUM) of all private life insurers in India and approximately 16.2 times more than the AUM of the second-largest player in the Indian life insurance industry in terms of AUM. LIC held stocks worth a “carrying value” of Rs 9,79,843 crore (close to $130 billion), or 24.77 per cent of its total investments, as on September 30, 2021. The market valuation of LIC is expected to be more than Rs 10 lakh crore, putting it at par with top notch companies such as Reliance Industries and TCS. The IPO of up to 31.62 crore equity shares comprises the net offer, employee reservation portion, and policyholder reservation portion. The IPO works out to 5 per cent of the total capital of 632.49 crore shares, with the government retaining the remaining 95 per cent. A portion of shares, not exceeding 5 per cent of the offer, will be reserved for employees. Another portion not exceeding 10 per cent, will be reserved for eligible policyholders. Policyholders and employees are likely to get shares at a discount. A minimum 35 per cent of the issue will be reserved for retail investors. The corporation may allocate up to 60 per cent of the QIB (qualified institutional buyers) portion to anchor investors on a discretionary basis. One-third of the anchor investor portion will be reserved for domestic mutual funds. LIC’s share capital was increased to Rs 6,324.99 crore in September 2021 from Rs 100 crore earlier. The government’s offer for sale is 5 per cent of the capital. However, market sources said it’s unlikely that foreign holding will reach the 20 per cent of the capital unless it offers a stake directly to a foreign firm. This is unlikely to happen, they said. According to LIC Act, an entity or a person can hold a maximum of 5 per cent stake in LIC and the government holding cannot fall below 51 per cent. Foreign holding in state-owned insurance companies GIC Re and New India Assurance is less than one per cent of the equity. Foreign holding in SBI, India’s largest bank, is 10.37 per cent. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000494_A000002	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/2022-02-26-uhurus-confidant-this-man-tuju/	KEN	On January 24, 2003, Tuju almost met his death after he was involved in a plane crash that killed one minister and two pilots.He was in the company of Narc politicians who had gone to Busia for a homecoming party to celebrate their three-week-old election win.Robinson Githae, Wanjiru Kihoro, George Khaniri, Martha Karua and Linah Jebii Kilimo among others were aboard the planeMoody Awori, a minister of Home Affairs at the time, had hosted them at his Funyula home.Labour Minister Mohammed Khalif together with two pilots died with the others sustaining injuries.In 2005 he was moved to the Ministry of Tourism and Wildlife in a cabinet reshuffle and served until 2007.Just before the 2005 referendum vote in Kenya, he formed the Progressive People’s Party (PPP to sway votes away from Raila Odingas no campaign camp.During the 2007 General elections, running under the Party of National Unity, led by the former President Mwai Kibaki, saw him lose the Rarienda parliamentary seat owing to the ODM partys huge wave.Not entirely out of government, Tuju served as an Advisor to Former President Mwai Kibaki on matters relating to media and the management of diversity from 2008 to 2011.He also served as Special Envoy of the President on various missions.For the many years of service to Kenyans in the areas of public service, health and human development, Kibaki as the then head of state awarded Tuju with the second highest civilian title in Kenya, E.G.H. (Elder of the Golden Heart).In 2012, General Elections, Tuju elevated his political ambitions and decided to run for the presidential seat and formed a new political Party Of Action (POA) but fell out of the race within months.Being out of government for five years, the former Mp made a comeback in 2017 when he was appointed the Secretary-General of the Jubilee Party which he served until Saturday.A year later, President Uhuru Kenyatta appointed him a cabinet secretary with no portfolio.On February 12, 2020, Tuju was involved in a grisly road accident while travelling to Kabarak to attend the late Mzee Daniel’s Moi burial where he broke 13 ribs and lost a lot of blood internally. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000494_A000006	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/sports/basketball/2022-02-26-kpa-a-game-away-from-the-womens-league-title/	KEN	Kenya Ports Authority will claim the 2021 womens Premier League title if they beat champions Equity Bank in the play-off Game Four on Sunday.The porters won Game Three 77-63 at the Makande Hall to take a 2-1 series lead. KPA, who received a boost after the return of Hilda Indasi, led 27-17 in the first quarter.They piled on the pressure in the second quarter with another strong 21-13 lead. However, the bankers closed in 17-13 in the third and took the fourth 20-12.Natalie Akinyi scored 15 points, Indasi and Medina Okot bagged 12 each as Vilma Achieng added 11 for the home team. Equity Bank had 15 from Samba Mjomba and a combined 18 from Betty Kananu and Melissa Akinyi.They must win Sundays tie to remain in contention. KPA got off the series with a 51-53 loss to the bankers but recovered to thump Equity Bank 58-45 in Game Two as the series moved to Mombasa.In Division One mens finals, Africa Nazarene University (ANU) stayed alive with a 73-68 win over Zetech University Titans.Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology (Jkuat) Lynx beat Eldonets 51-44 in the Ladies final.JKUAT Stray Cats closed the series by beating another Eldoret side Shoot 4 Life 83-54 in Division Two finals. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000494_A000008	www.standardmedia.co.ke	https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/politics/article/2001438710/odm-okays-railas-presidential-candidacy	KEN	The ODM National Delegates Conference at the Kasarani Gymnasium on February 25, 2022. [Samson Wire, Standard] The ODM National Delegates Convention has formally approved Raila Odingas presidential candidature in the August 9 General Election. The party delegates endorsed Raila as the sole presidential candidate after deputy party leaders Governors Hassan Joho (Mombasa) and Wycliffe Oparanya (Kakamega) withdrew their candidatures during the National Governing Council meeting on Friday. The party at the same time resolved to defer grassroots and party officials elections till 2023. While proposing the resolution on the deferment of party elections, party chairman John Mbadi said this was due to the time factor as the General Elections was barely five months away. ODM and Jubilee are holding their NDCs this Saturday at the Kenyatta International Convention Centre (KICC) and the Kasarani Gymnasium respectively where they are set to endorse Raila as the Azimio la Umoja presidential flagbearer. President Uhuru Kenyatta and Raila are expected to rally their troops and ratify resolutions that include the parties nomination rules passed during their respective meetings held Friday. Delegates at the NGC also reviewed the party’s policies and ratified proposed changes to the parties Constitution. VIDEO The ODM and Jubilee NDCs are a culmination of events that started in March 2018 when Uhuru and Raila settled their differences after a disputed 2017 General Election that marked an end to the acrimony between the two leaders and their supporters. The two leaders’ political journeys come full circle this Saturday as the President is expected to formally endorse Raila’s candidature for the Presidency in the August 9 polls under the Azimio la Umoja coalition movement in front of thousands of party delegates. President Uhuru Kenyatta and ODM party leader Raila Odinga at Kisumu International Airport on May 30, 2021. [Benjamin Sakwa] This comes hot on the heels of meeting this week where he openly endorsed Raila and at the same time castigated his deputy William Ruto saying the latter is not yet ready to succeed him as the country’s fifth president. The President’s message set the stage for a bruising political battle for the heart and soul of Mt Kenya, a region seen as leaning towards Ruto and where Uhuru seeks to assert his dominance and have a say on his successor. Raila on Friday moved to allay fears over Uhuru’s betrayal insisting that their union is firmly grounded on uniting and building a prosperous nation for all Kenyans. “Some people said Uhuru was cheating me and would abandon me, but I knew he would not,” Raila told his party’s NGC Friday, moments after they had endorsed him as their presidential flagbearer. ODM Director of Elections Junet Mohamed on Friday revealed that Uhuru and Raila’s partnership will be formalised in two weeks when the Azimio la Umoja Coalition movement will be launched. “Over 10 parties who have already subscribed to the Azimio Coalition will be invited to the grand launch. ODM and Jubilee will become anchors and founding members of the Jubilee Coalition movement,” Junet added. The Azimio coalition was further strengthened later Friday after the declared they had finally opened talks with the Jubilee and ODM parties to ultimately form the Azimio- One Kenya Alliance. In a statement read at the Stephen Kalonzo Musyoka command centre, the OKA principals announced that the alliance has officially initiated open and structured dialogue with like-minded political formations - namely Jubilee Coalition and the ODM Party. Wiper leader Kalonzo Musyoka however maintained that the Alliance that will not fold its member parties to join the cluster parties that have already signed coalition pacts with Railas ODM and Uhurus Jubilee. ODM and Jubilee parties are on Saturday holding their National Delegates Conventions at Kasarani and KICC, respectively. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000494_A000033	www.devdiscourse.com	https://www.devdiscourse.com/article/science-environment/1938462-nasas-new-planet-hunter-to-directly-image-worlds-orbiting-more-distant-fainter-stars	KEN	The , one of NASAs most prolific planet hunters which is currently under construction, will directly image older, smaller, cooler and dimmer worlds with detail up to a thousand times better than possible with other observatories. While current direct imaging efforts are limited to enormous and bright planets -typically super-Jupiters that are less than 100 million years old - astronomers believe that Roman could complement other telescopes infrared observations by imaging young giant planets in visible light for the first time. According to NASA, the space-based observatory will use its Coronagraph Instrument, an advanced coronagraph designed to directly image planets in orbit around other stars by greatly reducing the glare from the host star. It consists of a system of masks, prisms, detectors, and even self-flexing mirrors built to block out the glare from distant stars and reveal the planets in orbit around them. The Roman Coronagraph will contain several state-of-the-art components such as specially designed coronagraph masks to block the glare from host stars but allow the light from dimmer, orbiting planets to filter through. It will also be equipped with deformable mirrors, which help counteract small imperfections that reduce image quality and counteract effects like temperature changes, which can slightly alter the shape of the optics. To image Earth-like planets, well need 10,000 times better performance than todays instruments provide. The Coronagraph Instrument will perform several hundred times better than current instruments, so we will be able to see Jupiter-like planets that are more than 100 million times fainter than their host stars, said Vanessa Bailey, an astronomer at JPL and the instrument technologist for the Roman Coronagraph. NASA says its will provide a vital step toward discovering habitable planets and possibly learning whether we are alone in the universe. The mission is slated to launch in the mid-2020s. 
20220225_160119_bwa_C000498_A000038	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/lifestyle/health/how-the-pandemic-has-affected-periods-7792025/	BWA	But before trying to determine these changes’ causes, it’s important to note that people’s cycles do vary. While it’s commonly suggested that a predictable with five days of bleeding is normal, this is only an average. For most menstruators, it’s not their reality. Indeed, length, heaviness and cycle length are all naturally variable, differing between people and even in the same person over time. According to the International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, a variation in cycle length of up to eight days is normal. The is controlled by a mixture of hormones regulated by the hypothalamus and pituitary gland in the brain together with the ovaries – what’s collectively known as the HPG axis. Disruptions to the body can interrupt the axis releasing , which can impact different aspects of the menstrual cycle, such as length and symptoms.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium For example, heavy exercise or extreme can result in missing periods, though this is reversible once food intake increases or exercise is reduced. We therefore need to take care when assessing self-reported changes to menstrual cycles – other influences could be at play. Nevertheless, something’s been going on, and the of the pandemic could be a factor. Stress is known to suppress the HPG axis, and past studies have found associations between stress and menstrual irregularity or bleeding length. We know that mental health in the UK deteriorated during the first lockdown, with stress and rising. And in an online survey, 46 per cent people said they had seen a change to their menstrual cycle during the pandemic, such as to the severity of premenstrual symptoms or cycle length. Stress is a plausible if unconfirmed cause. That said, other pandemic changes could be influential too. Weight gain and increased , which many people also reported during the pandemic, are known to contribute to changes in cycles as well. What about vaccines? Shortly after became available, reports began to appear of them impacting menstrual cycles – particularly that they affected cycle length, making them both shorter and longer. Unfortunately, questions about menstruation have been excluded from much of the COVID vaccine research, including their trials, so there isn’t much research on how many people have experienced menstrual changes. That said, a small number of studies have investigated this. A US study of 4,000 people found that receiving the first vaccine dose had no impact on the timing of the next menstrual bleed. But after receiving the second, people experienced a small delay – just under half a day on average. This difference had disappeared by the third cycle post . Interestingly, those who received two doses in one cycle had an increased cycle length of two days, which returned to normal by cycle three post vaccine. It’s difficult, though, to untangle the effects of the vaccine from the impact of living through the . In a Norwegian study of over 5,500 people, 41% of participants reported menstrual disturbances after receiving their second vaccine. But crucially, 38 per cent reported disturbances before ever receiving any vaccine, the most common symptom being a heavier than usual period. This suggests either that disturbances to menstrual cycles are normal, or that if the pandemic does cause changes to cycles, the impacts of are small. These studies both validate the experiences of people describing menstrual changes, but also provide reassurance that these changes are transient. There are a number of reasons why vaccines could affect cycles, including the body’s immune response to the vaccine, which can influence the hormones controlling the menstrual cycle. Certainly, reports of menstrual changes after are not new. In 1913, a New York doctor found a relationship between the typhoid vaccine and menstrual change. A more recent study found increased odds of short-term menstrual cycle changes after receiving the . With the COVID vaccines, when there are changes these appear to be short lived, and the vaccines haven’t been shown to impact fertility. This should perhaps be added to what menstruating people are told to expect from vaccination, so they can plan around it. Reporting menstrual changes as a side-effect could encourage pharmaceutical companies and researchers to place menstrual and more centrally in medical research, meaning we have better data for vaccines and medicines in the future. Anyone in the UK experiencing changes to their cycles is encouraged to report these to the Yellow Card scheme, which logs potential vaccine side-effects. COVID can also cause changes It’s also been suggested that in the face of severe illness, such as COVID, the body temporarily reduces (which can impact menstrual bleeding) to redirect energy away from reproduction and towards fighting off infection. Another cause could be the massive inflammatory effects that COVID has on the body, which in turn impacts menstrual cycle disturbances. There’s some data to back up COVID having an influence. A study comparing the menstrual cycles of 237 patients with COVID to their cycles from beforehand found that 18% of mildly ill and 21% of severely ill patients had longer cycles than previously. These changes had returned to normal within two months of hospital discharge. So it seems that COVID vaccines and infection with the coronavirus can affect the menstrual cycle, and while not definitively proven, it’s plausible that pandemic stress does too. Changes seem to return to normal after a few months, but if you experience new issues with your menstrual cycle or changes to your cycles are long lasting, please discuss this with your doctor. <U+0001F4E3> For more lifestyle news, follow us on | | and don’t miss out on the latest updates! 
20220225_160119_can_C000506_A000024	hollywoodlife.com	https://hollywoodlife.com/2022/02/26/kanye-west-defends-social-media-posts-kim-kardashian-court-documents/	CAN	appears to be throwing a wrench in his estranged wife plans to . As the “Famous” rapper’s recent against Kim and her boyfriend are being used by Kim’s lawyers in court to the divorce proceedings, Kanye fired back and filed his own legal documents claiming there’s no way Kim can prove that Kanye wrote the social media messages, according to court documents obtained by HollywoodLife. The legal team for Kanye is arguing the or “misinformation,” about Kim and Pete are inadmissible in court as they are “double hearsay.” Kanye’s lawyers wrote, “The statement that “Kanye has been putting a lot of misinformation … on social media” is double hearsay. Kim claims she read something online allegedly by Kanye and characterizes the posts in her declaration as misinformation … Kim needed to offer the social media posts into evidence, and show that the posts were written by Kanye.” Ye’s attorneys are also trying to say the prenup between Kanye and Kim isn’t valid at the moment. They cited the “presumption in California” that prenups signed after January 1, 2002 hold no water unless it is “rebutted at trial” or both parties agree to validate it. Therefore, Kanye can hold up the legal proceedings by not confirming the prenup is valid. Kayne’s court move comes after Kim of repeatedly posting ‘misinformation’ about her parenting and their private matters in a recent set of legal filings obtained by HollywoodLife. “Since filing for divorce, Mr. Kanye West, by his actions, has made it clear that he does not accept that the parties’ marital relationship is over,” the court documents read. “Mr. West has disseminated on social media the parties’ private communications and misinformation about personal family matters and co-parenting, which has caused emotional distress.” Kanye West is claiming his social media rants against Kim Kardashian can’t be used in court. (Mehdi Taamallah/NurPhoto/Shutterstock) Kim petitioned the court to be speedy in “terminating [her] marital status,” because such an action “should help Mr. West to accept that the parties’ marital relationship is over and to move forward on a better path which will assist in peacefully co-parenting the parties’ children. Delay in doing so will only create further tension and anxiety.” The makeup mogul’s words indicate she is trying her best to protect her and Kanye’s kids: daughters North, 8, and Chicago, 4, and sons Saint, 6, and Psalm, 2. 
20220225_160119_can_C000506_A000028	www.sportsnet.ca	https://www.sportsnet.ca/nhl/article/looking-at-what-canucks-j-t-miller-can-provide-to-an-acquiring-team/	CAN	If you haven’t heard rumours swirling around ’s future, you may be living under a rock. The Canucks obviously haven’t made a firm stance on what the outcome of this situation will be; general manager Patrik Allvin that they could see a future with the forward in Vancouver. While that may be true, it’s undeniable what a trade of this magnitude could bring back — and that’s why it’s a legitimate conversation. An acquiring team wouldn’t get a rental in the soon-to-be 29-year-old. , Miller still has another full season on his contract with a cap hit of $5.25 million. That means two potential playoff runs. As the Lightning have shown with their acquisitions in recent years of Blake Coleman and Barclay Goodrow, that can be the ideal route to extend a playoff window — even if the team can’t retain the player past their current contract. That’s why teams around the league, including the New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, and Toronto Maple Leafs, have been so inclined to inquire about the forward. As for the new-look Canucks front office, they have their work cut out for them to get this team back into the playoff picture on a sustainable basis. While having a player like Miller helps them in the near future, the assets they could get back for two playoff runs, versus just one next year at the deadline, could be game-changing to speed along the process. However, since they don’t have to move him now, and can punt the decision to the offseason or next deadline, they can leverage that to increase the return. What could give Vancouver pause, and of course, entice acquiring teams, is what Miller brings to a lineup on the ice. While moving Miller will leave a hole in the Canucks lineup, but they’d be selling high thanks to his impressive scoring. So far, he has 20 goals and 37 assists for 57 points in 51 games. That leads the team by a wide margin of 16 points; the next best scorer is Quinn Hughes with 41 points. Even when accounting for ice time, the forward still leads the team. His raw counts put his scoring total at the second-best of his career in fewer games, but when accounting for minutes played, that 3.2 points per 60 scoring rate leads the way. He’s managed this all the while it’s been a pretty challenging year in Vancouver, especially ahead of the coaching change. With Miller, teams would be adding a versatile forward. That’s one of the biggest benefits. First, there’s positional flexibility. While the early years of his career didn’t see him successfully shift to centre often, he played the pivotal position at points in Tampa Bay and now with the Canucks; just last night that was between and in the top-six. But he can easily shift to wing too if a team’s already stacked down the middle. Boston could use a second-line centre like Miller. Toronto could use him as a top-six winger or a third-line centre, if they preferred. New York has options, too, whether it’s on the wing this year and then down the middle depending on ’s future. Then there’s versatility in his usage. In Vancouver, he’s become an all situation forward. While he may not be the most complete, two-way force, his offensive skill does translate to short-handed play since he can help disrupt the opposing team’s power-play formations. But the highlight of his game is his play at the other end of the ice, both at even strength at on the man advantage. At 5-on-5, he’s one of the best Canucks at getting the puck into the zone with control — ranking third behind Nils Högland and Conor Garland with 13.0 entries per 60. And no one in Vancouver has a higher rate of entries followed by a scoring chance. His scoring plays come both off the rush and the cycle. That transitional ability obviously plays into the chances generated off the rush. As for the cycle plays, it’s his passing, shooting, and his tendency to retrieve pucks that helps Vancouver’s offence click. In the offensive zone, he’s one of the team leaders in loose puck retrievals, whether it’s after a shot or a rebound, or while being pressured by his opponents. That’s what can often spark a play, or keep a scoring opportunity going. Miller isn’t close to the most frequent shooter in Vancouver, but he makes the best of his opportunities. A team-leading 62.7 percent of his 5-on-5 shots come from the slot — whether he’s taking a shot, or using his size to be in a position to redirect one of his teammates’ attempts. Shooting isn’t his only strength, though. No one’s attempted more offensive zone passes than Miller on the team this season, with 54.1 per 60. And almost 70 percent of those pass attempts have successfully connected with his teammates. So many coaches look for players who can move the puck ‘north and south’ for more of a straight-line game. With his passing, he does that at one of the highest rates on the team, but he also can move the puck east-to-west as well. Along with that high volume of passing, quality puck movement is a key aspect of it. Miller’s among the best in Vancouver, and around the league, at sending the puck to the slot for his teammates. Sometimes, those passes come when sees his teammates set up with time and space in the higher danger areas, like the clip of Brock Boeser’s shot shows below. Or when defenders expect him to shoot, and he can slip it to a teammate (again, with Boeser shown below). Those skills all translate to the man-advantage, whether he’s the passer or the shooter like he was last night against Calgary. Or, if he’s generating a chance off the rush as pictured below against Ottawa. Miller can cut through defenders and has the hands to make a skillful play in tight. But on a team with their formations already set, he can shift positions if asked to a net-front role as well. In Vancouver, especially earlier in the year as the team struggled, he tried to be the leading player which obviously can intensify some pressure and lead to mistakes. If (or when) Miller’s traded, he’ll likely join a deeper playoff team which should influence his usage. Right now, he’s 10th in the league in average ice time at 20:58. But that could alleviate some pressure of him having to be the contributor, instead of one of the leading scorers when the stakes rise in the playoffs. As Miller continues to build on what could become a career year, the interest around the league likely only rises for the competitive forward would add both a physical and skillful edge to any contender. Data via Sportlogiq 
20220225_160119_pak_C000508_A000008	www.dawn.com	https://www.dawn.com/news/1677187/security-forces-kill-terrorist-during-ibo-in-north-waziristans-spinwam-area-ispr	PAK	Security forces killed a terrorist during an intelligence-based operation (IBO) in the Spinwam area of North Waziristan on Saturday, the militarys media affairs wing said in a statement. The IBO was conducted after the presence of terrorists was reported in the area, APP quoted the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) as saying. Weapons and ammunition were also recovered during the IBO. According to the ISPR, the miscreant was involved in terrorist activities against security forces. Earlier this week, eight terrorists were during separate operations conducted by security forces in North Waziristan and Dera Ismail Khan. The ISPR said that security forces carried out the operation in the “general area” of Hamzoni in North Waziristan in wake of reports about the presence of terrorists. An intense exchange of fire took place between the security forces and terrorists during which six miscreants were killed. Weapons, ammunition and equipment were recovered from the terrorists’ possession, including submachine guns, hand-grenades, mines, handcuffs and a large quantity of multiple calibre rounds. Separately, an intelligence-based operation was conducted by security forces in Kulachi tehsil of Dera Ismail Khan. During the gunbattle, two terrorists were killed. Prior to this, five terrorists were and a Pakistan Army soldier was martyred during an “intense exchange of fire” during an IBO in North Waziristan. “The killed terrorists were involved in terrorist activities against security forces, target killing and kidnapping for ransom,” the ISPR had said at the time. 
20220225_160119_pak_C000508_A000034	mashable.com	https://mashable.com/article/space-meteorite-auction-dog-house	PAK	At a Christies auction, bids on a scrappy dog house did what a meteorite had done three years ago: They went through the roof. The rusty, corrugated tin shelter — with a gaping seven-inch hole on top — went for $44,100 earlier this week, more than double the amount fetched by the extraterrestrial rock that blasted through it. Meanwhile, an extremely rare auction lot — billed as the third-largest Martian rock on Earth and valued at up to $800,000 — failed to find a buyer when the sale closed on Feb. 23.The dog houses sale may reveal something about what drives private collectors to possess the rare objects that fall to Earth from outer space. Beyond their ancient ages and the distance theyve traveled is the notion of a close call: Something unexpected and otherworldly fell from the sky, and, in doing so, showed its potential for destruction. In some cases, the reminder of that power is more valuable than the rubble itself. Its incredibly unlikely for [a meteorite] to actually hit something thats in our day-to-day lives. Its incredibly unlikely for [a meteorite] to actually hit something thats in our day-to-day lives, James Hyslop, head of scientific instruments, globes, and natural history at Christies, told Mashable. The story behind the dog house began at 9:07 p.m. on April 23, 2019, according to its record in the Meteoritical Bulletin, . That night, a meteorite shower pelted a rainforest in central Costa Rica. Cameras at the summits of volcanoes captured the fireball, an unusually bright meteor. A chunk weighing close to two-thirds of a pound . Coincidentally, his name was Roky. The Brazilian Meteors Observation Network, University of Sao Paulo, and Sao Paulo State University figured out the trajectory of the meteorite, dubbed Arguas Zarcas, by reviewing four security videos and dashcam cameras.A note to concerned dog lovers: Roky survived the ordeal in better shape than his house. Roky, a German Shepherd in Costa Rica, wasnt injured by a meteorite that crashed into his dog house in 2019. Credit: Christies Appraising these astronomical objects at auction has more to do with a gut feeling, Hyslop admits. The only data Christies had to guide it was from Claxton, Georgia, that sold for $83,000 in 2007. A few years ago, Hyslop attended a meteorite exhibition in Paris. Outside in a glass box was a Chevy Malibu that had been struck by in 1992. I just thought that was such a great bit of theater, he said. Its not just these meteorites that capture our minds. I mean, we all know the story of the asteroid that crashed into Earth and caused the extinction of the dinosaurs. The impact that a meteorite has is a part of the story. I just thought that was such a great bit of theater. A meteorite struck a Chevy Malibu in 1992. Credit: Ingo Wagner dpa / Picture Alliance / Getty Images Scientists estimate that about 48.5 tons of billions-of-years-old meteor material rain down on the planet daily, much of which vaporizes in Earths atmosphere or falls into the ocean, which covers over 70 percent of the planet. Over 60,000 meteorites have been discovered on Earth. The vast majority come from asteroids, but a small sliver, , come from Mars or the moon, according to NASA. At least as originating from the Red Planet. In order for meteorites to get formally documented, the owner must give a large piece of it to an internationally authorized institution, such as a natural history museum. The institution will cut off a piece to preserve for enduring scientific research. The impact that a meteorite has is a part of the story. An Aguas Zarcas space rock that smashed into a dog house sold at auction for $21,420 on Feb. 23, 2022. Credit: Christies Christies auctioned a piece of Rokys rock that weighed half as much as the weight recorded in the Meteoritical Bulletin. The meteorite is mostly covered in a fusion crust, caused by its fiery descent through Earths atmosphere. Its front face features a reddish-brown streak from when it crashed through the oxidized tin roof. The meteorite, composed of carbon compounds, sold for $21,420. When Hyslop saw the unique remnants of the Costa Rican crash in the gallery, he thought it looked like an art installation. For me, it fits very comfortably alongside some very cool contemporary artworks of the moment, he said. Related Video: NASA astronauts grow first ever peppers in space 
20220225_160119_ken_C000515_A000009	www.standardmedia.co.ke	https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/politics/article/2001438724/businessman-jimi-wanjigi-ejected-from-odm-ndc	KEN	Jimi Wanjigi was forced to take shelter at Kasarani Stadium police post. [Courtesy] Presidential hopeful and businessman Jimi Wanjigi has been thrown out of taking place at Kasarani Gymnasium. , who was accompanied by his supporters to the venue, was roughed up and forced to take shelter at Kasarani Stadium Police Station minutes after storming the heavily guarded area. VIDEO ODM Secretary General Edwin Sifuna, in a viral video, has downplayed Wanjigi’s presence saying he is not even a delegate of the party. However, in a rejoinder after the incident, Wanjigi reiterated that he is an ODM delegate. He lamented about the violence meted on him and questioned the party’s democracy. “All I asked was for a fair chance in this party to compete for presidency of this party that I have loved so very much; the answer has been kicks and blows throughout. The Raila Odinga I have witnessed since 2018 after the handshake is not the Raila Odinga I have known for many years,” said Wanjigi. Wanjigi had earlier declared interest to wrestle ODM Presidential ticket from . The ODMs National Delegates Convention this morning approved Odinga to be the presidential candidature in the August 9 polls. The businessmans move to storm the NDC come days after his complaint at the Political Parties Dispute Tribunal (PPDT) to have the delegate’s meeting stopped was thrown out over lack of merit. According to the tribunal, Wanjigi, alongside other petitioners, did not exhaust the party’s internal dispute resolution mechanisms before approaching it on claims that the meeting was illegally organized. In an affidavit in defence of the NDC, ODM Secretary-General Edwin Sifuna swore that the PPDT petition was filed fraudulently. “The application was filed through fraud and illegality since nine of them have denied authorising the filing. The logical conclusion is that the applicants concocted a dispute and went about shopping for people to support them,” stated Sifuna. 
20220225_160119_mys_C000517_A000014	www.thestar.com.my	https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2022/02/26/ukrainian-leader-says-it-is-039crucial-moment039-to-decide-on-eu-membership	MYS	KYIV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said on Saturday it was a crucial moment to decide on Ukraines membership of the European Union, as Russia continued to invade its neighbour.Zelenskiy said in a tweet he had discussed with European Council President Charles Michel further effective assistance and the heroic struggle of Ukrainians for their free future. (Reporting by Pavel Polityuk; Writing by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Mark Potter) 
20220225_160119_bwa_C000522_A000026	pagesix.com	https://pagesix.com/2022/02/26/kim-kardashian-takes-to-the-skies-in-her-brand-new-private-jet/	BWA	Kim Kardashian took to the skies above Italy Friday night — flying home to LA from Milan on her brand-new $95 million G65OER private jet that she reportedly had built from scratch, Kardashian had been waiting a year for the jet, which has a cream-colored interior, cashmere finishes and leather seats — the same design scheme as her home, according to the outlet. The jet is the same type as the one owned by Jeff Bezos. She designed the interior with the help of Tommy Clements and Waldo Fernandez. With all the customizations, the full price tag for the jet probably set Kardashian, a billionaire, back about $150 million, TMZ said. Kardashian designed the interior with the help of Tommy Clements and Waldo Fernandez.Stefanie Keenan The plane may be big and expensive — but Kardashian has made sure guests can get cozy. Those who board score a pair of SKIMS slippers and pajamas. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000533_A000026	www.teamtalk.com	https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/ralf-rangnick-slams-three-deficiencies-bruno-fernandes-worrying-trend	UGA	Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick slammed his side’s inability to finish Watford off and claim all three points at Old Trafford. The Red Devils at Old Trafford, but only managed three on target. Indeed, they dominated most of the game, either side of a few half-chances for Watford. However, Roy Hodgson’s Hornets held on for a 0-0 draw and an impressive away point in their fight against Premier League relegation. For , though, it is two points dropped as they look to finish in the top four at the end of the season. Rangnick told BBC Sport () after the match: “It is [frustrating], we did everything than scoring. Hard to take that result. We were in full control for almost the full game. “We need to be sharper in front of goal and can hardly create more chances than we did. A frustrating afternoon. “Had anyone told me that we would create that many clear chances I would have said ‘yes, that is enough for us to score one of two goals at least’. But we didn’t.” Rangnick insisted, though, that the result was “not luck” for Watford – or a lack of it for United. Manchester United send top scout to watch Gleison Bremer from Torino Manchester United have sent their top scout to watch Gleison Bremer who is a target for Tottenham and Chelsea The hosts had the ball cleared off the line twice. Hornets goalkeeper Ben Foster played his part by reaching across the goal to deny Fernandes. However, Anthony Elanga – – also blocked a goal-bound Cristiano Ronaldo effort off the line. Rangnick added: “In the first half we had five massive chances then in the second half we had another three or four. Today we had enough chances to win that game. “Sometimes we were unlucky like when Cristiano Ronaldo hit the post but we had one on one opportunities. This is not luck, this is sharpness, efficiency and being clinical. “If I look back at the last three months, we have given away that many chances and that many points with draws, we should have four or six more points and the situation would be completely different.” Rangnick frustrations echoed by Fernandes United have made a habit of creating chances but failing to score enough goals in recent weeks. They led in recent matches against Burnley and Southampton but eventually had to settle for 1-1 draws. Against Southampton, Man Utd had eight shots on target from 12 attempts and three from nine against the Clarets. But Fernandes picked out the FA Cup exit to Middlesbrough as the most similar game to the draw with Watford. “We created chances,” the midfielder said. “I had two or three chances to score but today the ball did not go in. A really frustrating one. “Almost the same happened v Middlesbrough in the FA Cup, we didn’t go through and didn’t win today. “We should have scored, it was one of them days where we could be here for a long time and not score a goal. The result is bad for us.” United return to action next week when facing Manchester City in a crunch derby. The match has ramifications for the title race and top four. However, they then face Tottenham, Atletico Madrid and Liverpool in some of their next matches. 
20220225_160119_nam_C000563_A000007	informante.web.na	https://informante.web.na/?p=315187	NAM	Placido HilukilwaTHE furniture retailer Beares’ regional controller in the Oshana Region, Helvi Shekupe Lyahulapo-Iitope, has emerged as the winner in a competition that lasted from November last year to January, spanning several southern African countries.Her prize for being the Lewis Group’s best performing regional controller, is a Toyota Starlet valued at N$230 000 delivered to her this week.WINNER: Cesilia Nambili (right) congratulates Helvi Lyahulapo-Iitope for the car she won in a recent competition.“I am very much excited. This is the first competition I have ever won and I thank God, my family and our customers. A special word of thanks goes to my colleagues. They were the ones who worked really hard, winning this car for me,” she said.Participants in the competition were the Lewis Group’s regional controllers in Namibia, Botswana, South Africa and a number of other southern African countries. 
20220225_160119_nam_C000563_A000021	comicbook.com	https://comicbook.com/gaming/news/the-last-of-us-part-2-ellie-factions-ps4-ps5-multiplayer-leak-first-look/	NAM	Its understood that The Last of Us Part 2 is getting a multiplayer spin-off via the PS4 and PS5, but it looks like the original plan was to ship The Last of Us Part 2 with multiplayer. Last year, files for the game revealed that Naughty Dog was exploring the possibility of a battle royale mode at some point. Now, the games files have revealed multiplayer outfits and assets for Ellie in The Last of Us Part 2, though it all seems to be placeholder content. That said, it seems to technically give fans their first look, albeit an incomplete one, at the upcoming multiplayer content.The leak comes the way of dataminer Speclizer, who unveiled everything above in a recent YouTube video. According to the dataminer, there are multiplayer armor models for Ellie just sitting in the games files. And again, they seem to be placeholders, however, its also possible they are simply unfinished and will be used in the final product, whenever it releases. Below, you can check out the YouTube video for yourself:Like any leak, this one should be taken with a grain of salt. While theres no denying whats in the files, we dont know whats going to come from any of this, if anything. At the moment of publishing, neither Naughty Dog nor PlayStation nor anyone affiliated with either has addressed this leak in any capacity. If this changes, we will update the story. The Last of Us Part 2 is available on PS4 and playable on PS5 via backward compatibility. For more coverage on the game, click .Even though Part 2 relishes in making players uncomfortable and reminding them characters can lose everything at a moments notice, those bleak traits are part of the games appeal even if the charms a morbid one, reads a snippet from of the game. Its a monumental effort in storytelling and a model for tales of vengeance and repercussions pushed forward by gratifying gameplay, and while not everything you do will sit right with you, the game never leads players to believe the result would be anything different. 
20220225_160119_idn_C000578_A000006	www.teamtalk.com	https://www.teamtalk.com/tottenham-hotspur/harry-kane-pundits-drool-spurs-display-man-utd-mark-hughes-rolling-back-years	IDN	Tottenham striker Harry Kane played like a vintage Mark Hughes as Spurs eased to Premier League victory over Leeds United, according to two pundits. Kane initially made his name with in the Premier League as a deadly finisher with an eye for goal. While he still has those attributes in abundance, he has added another exciting asset to his game of late. Indeed, he now often drops deep and looks for the run of strike partner Son Heung-min. The pair have worked together at Tottenham for some time, but Kane has only adapted fully to that role in the last two seasons. In fact, the pair combined for a 37th time in the Premier League . That made them the top flight’s most prolific goalscoring pair ahead of former Chelsea duo Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba. Speaking on BT Sport‘s coverage of Tottenham’s 4-0 win over the Whites, Rio Ferdinand and Peter Crouch drooled over England captain Kane’s display at Elland Road. “We were sitting here, me and Peter, going ‘play it, play it’. Not often do you say it and the execution is as exquisite as that,” Ferdinand said. Crouch added: “There’s lots of factors isn’t there… there’s having the vision, but then the execution of the pass. Some of his passing today was, Rio said it, an absolute clinic. “Son as well, absolutely devastating. Once he’s running in behind, you just know. He takes it on his thigh and a beautiful finish.” Pep rules Man City out of Harry Kane race this summer Pep Guardiola rules Man City out of Harry Kane race this summer Ferdinand remarked that there are not “many more partnerships you enjoy watching when they’re on song”. He said Kane is a “joy to watch” because of his ability to pass from “all different distances”. In fact, he compared the England star to former Manchester United man Mark Hughes. “The movement of Son. When he gets in, Son, he [Kane] pinned the defender once in the first or the second half. It was like Mark Hughes rolling back the years,” Ferdinand said. “[He] backed in, bang, he’s [Son’s] gone. It was brilliant to watch.” Crouch added: “We were talking about how devastating Kane is from deep. When Son’s the highest up, when he’s got his back to goal he’s like Mark Hughes. He’s just taking it on his thigh, he’s sweeping it out wide, his hold-up play was fantastic, he was shifting defenders and he can run in behind as well.” Kane recovers from criticism Kane started the season in poor form following his failure to leave Tottenham for Manchester City in a mega summer transfer. Indeed, the 28-year-old only scored once in the first 14 Premier League matches of the campaign. However, since Antonio Conte replaced Nuno Espirito Santo as manager, the Italian has got the best out of Kane. He has netted seven goals in the last 11 league matches, notching two assists and a host of key passes along the way. Crouch concluded: “He’s had his criticisms at the start of the season, deservedly so. “He wasn’t at it for whatever reason, but this second half of the season, certainly the City game and today’s game as well, absolutely incredible.” Tottenham return to action on Tuesday when facing Middlesbrough in the fifth round of the FA Cup. 
20220225_160119_gbr_C000582_A000029	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/football/2022/feb/26/everton-manchester-city-premier-league-match-report	GBR	Pep Guardiola may be indelibly associated with the beautiful game but Manchester City’s celebrations showed the value of one of their ugliest goals. They have had more emphatic wins but, should they retain their Premier League crown, the eventual verdict may be that few were more significant than this. With 10 minutes to go and Everton looking unbending in their resistance, the momentum seemed to be swinging towards Merseyside, and Liverpool, in the title race. Then Phil Foden pounced and City’s lead stretched back to six points.“Really important,” said Guardiola, the purist who has come to cherish hard-fought 1-0 victories. This came in a fashion Frank Lampard called “a little freakish.” It arrived courtesy of a misdirected cross, from Bernardo Silva, and stray touches from each of Everton’s hitherto defiant central-defensive duo. Mason Holgate deflected it to Michael Keane, whose wild slice only resulted in the ball falling for the predatory Foden to tap in.It was a reward for Foden, the brightest of the City attackers as Everton had packed the area around the penalty box to try and crowd them out, and for Guardiola, who had just shifted Silva to the left of midfield, his third role of the night, in a quest to give him the chance to exert a decisive influence. Lampard’s one-word verdict, however, was “cruel.”Everton could be in the relegation zone by the time they play again but they were buoyed by an obduracy that may bode well against lesser opponents. “I am very proud and on reflection we will look back and think ‘what a performance,’” Lampard said. While they are accustomed to losing to City — this was a ninth successive defeat to them — they nevertheless departed with a sense of grievance and not merely because they were agonisingly close to a point that would have elevated them above Leeds.Phil Foden slots in the only goal. Photograph: Michael Regan/Getty ImagesPlay had barely restarted after Foden’s goal when the ball bounced up on to Rodri’s arm. Referee Paul Tierney initially waved play on but as the VAR, Christopher Kavanagh, reviewed the incident, Richarlison was so convinced of the forthcoming decision that he took up station on the penalty spot. Others were similarly sure. “I was just praying,” Foden admitted. He was relieved with the outcome, which Guardiola felt may have been because Richarlison was offside. Everton were outraged. “I have a three-year-old daughter at home who could tell you that was a penalty,” countered Lampard. “I will wait for the statement or apology but it will mean nothing. We have lost a point because of a professional who can’t do his job right. It is incompetence at best. At worst, who knows?” His views may attract the interest of the FA but seemed shared by his backroom staff. Everton’s protests after the final whistle earned Ashley Cole a yellow card.But he and Lampard had shown evidence of their organisational prowess. They had bolstered the midfield with a fit-again Abdoulaye Doucouré and switched to 4-3-3, a third formation of Lampard’s five-game reign. Allan had shaped up as the midfield’s dominant force, snapping at City’s heels, ensuring they were stifled to such an extent that it took 29 minutes for their first shot to arrive, and Jordan Pickford safely fielded Kevin De Bruyne’s long-range effort. “I think we deserved something,” Lampard added. “The first half was immense from us.”The Fiver: sign up and get our daily football email.Pickford was busier in the second and excelled to preserve parity for as long as he did. He had parried a drive from Foden, who was fed by Silva, with an incisive pass from the right wing, his second position. Gareth Southgate witnessed a terrific double save from De Bruyne and Silva. Foden reprieved Everton by heading over from the Belgian’s cross. “The second half was much better,” said Guardiola.Everton had the more threat in the first, a counterattacking menace from a homegrown duo on their left. A few of their fans celebrated when Jonjoe Kenny was found by Allan, but he had rifled his shot into the side-netting. An Anthony Gordon free kick nestled on the roof of the net. The winger illustrated why this has been a breakthrough season for him by showing the fearlessness to run at City. Everton’s belief almost earned them a point but, with their lowest points total at this stage since 1930, Lampard is trying other strategies to survive. “Don’t look too much at the table for the next few weeks,” he said. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000587_A000031	www.digitaltrends.com	https://www.digitaltrends.com/news/james-webb-image-stacking/	UGA	The work to get the James Webb Space Telescope ready to collect science data is still underway so that the telescope will be ready to share its first beautiful image of space this summer. The long and delicate process of continues, but recently engineers reached an important milestone when they completed the image stacking step. Last week, engineers shared an . These were actually 18 images of the same star, bright star HD 84406 being used for the alignment process, which represent the 18 segments that make up the primary mirror. Each segment reflected the star, and the overall shape corresponded to the overall hexagonal shape of the mirror. The next step, called segment alignment, was to make small adjustments to each of the mirror segments and also adjust the secondary mirror so that the 18 points of light were sharper. NASA engineers shared the new image in a this week. This hexagonal image array captured by the NIRCam instrument shows the progress made during the Segment Alignment phase, further aligning Webb’s 18 primary mirror segments and secondary mirror using precise movements commanded from the ground. NASA/STScI Once that was done, the team could move on to the process of image stacking, in which the 18 points were layered on top of each other to produce one single point of light. This step means that the mirror is now operating as one large mirror rather than 18 small mirrors, but it doesn’t mean that adjustments are complete. The team still needs to make small adjustments in a phase called coarse phasing, in which different pairs of segments will be matched up to correct for tiny differences between the segments such as variations in their heights. During this phase of alignment known as Image Stacking, individual segment images are moved so they fall precisely at the center of the field to produce one unified image instead of 18. In this image, all 18 segments are on top of each other. After future alignment steps, the image will be even sharper. NASA/STScI “We still have work to do, but we are increasingly pleased with the results we’re seeing,” said Lee Feinberg, optical telescope element manager for Webb at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, in the . “Years of planning and testing are paying dividends, and the team could not be more excited to see what the next few weeks and months bring.” Editors Recommendations 
20220225_160119_gha_C000596_A000032	www.sciencealert.com	https://www.sciencealert.com/curiosity-rover-snapped-this-photo-of-a-tiny-and-delicate-mineral-flower-on-mars	GHA	The Curiosity rover took a picture of something pretty enticing this week on the surface of . While the object in question looks like a tiny little flower or maybe even some type of organic feature, the rover this object is a mineral formation, with delicate structures that formed by minerals precipitating from water. Curiosity has actually , which are called diagenetic crystal clusters. Diagenetic means the recombination or rearrangement of minerals, and these features consist of three-dimensional crystal clusters, likely made of a combination of minerals.Curiosity deputy project scientist Abigail Fraeman said on Twitter that these features that were seen previously were made of salts called sulfates.From studies of previous features like this found on Mars , originally the feature was embedded within a rock, which eroded away over time. These mineral clusters, however, appear to be resistant to erosion.Another name for these features is concretion, which you may remember from the Opportunity rover, who saw features that were nicknamed since they were small and round. You can see round concretions next to the flower-like feature in this image. ()The rover science team saw this feature earlier this week and named it Blackthorn Salt. They used the rovers Mars Hand Lens Imager, called MAHLI, to take these close-up images. This camera is the rovers version of the magnifying hand lens that geologists usually carry with them into the field. MAHLIs close-up images reveal the minerals and textures in rock surfaces.Here you can see a 3-D model of the object, thanks to :Curiosity found another , and the Spirit rover found similar-looking rocks that were nicknamed cauliflower features because of their knobby protuberances.Cauliflower-shaped silica-rich rocks photographed by the Spirit Rover in 2008. (NASA/JPL-Caltech)Our thanks to Kevin Gill who processed the images, taken on Sol 3397. This article was originally published by . Read the . 
20220225_160119_lva_C000602_A000021	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/apple_iphone_se_plus_2022_5g_price-news-53344.php	LVA	Apple unveiled the second-gen iPhone SE dubbed two years ago, and the company is at an event where its also expected to announce a . While Apple hasnt confirmed the event yet, analyst John Donovan says the new iPhone SE could start at $300. Thats $99 less than the base price of the iPhone SE (2020). However, another analyst, Daniel Ives, thinks that Apple will stick with the $399 base price, but doesnt rule out a lower price. Apple iPhone SE (2020) The new iPhone SE, , is expected to come with 5G support, an improved camera, and Apples A15 Bionic chip, which debuted with the iPhone 13 lineup last year. While the iPhone SE+ 5G will come with some improvements over its predecessor, since the smartphone is . Apple iPhone SE+ 5Gs 3D printed dummy (Image credit: xleaks7 and CoverPigtou) 
20220225_160119_gha_C000609_A000008	www.ghanaweb.com	https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/NPP-polls-Members-who-preached-skirt-and-blouse-in-2020-elections-should-be-disqualified-Charles-Bissue-1478579	GHA	NPP Western Regional Secretary, Mr Charles Bissue The Western Regional Secretary of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), Charles Bissue, has said all members of the NPP who worked against the party whether through overt or covert means, leading to a drop in the NPP’s numbers in Parliament in the 2020 elections should be barred from contesting in the party’s internal polls. He said on the Key Points on TV3/3FM with host Dzifa Bampoh on Saturday February 26 that the party’s constitution is clear that no member should work against the party. “There are grievance procedures the party will go through but if you sit there and you say because you hate this person, [you] will not allow him, [you] are going to lie against him, you are automatically working against the party itself and there are rules, the party’s constitution says you should promote and project the image of the party. This is somebody who is in the party and you maliciously go and lie against the party.” Asked how they are going to identify persons who worked against the party, he answered “Within the community, there are people in there that can come and point out.” For his part, the Director of the Centre for European Studies at the University of Ghana, Dr Kwame Asah-Asante, asked the NPP to ensure a level playing field for its internal polls. In his view, giving equal opportunities to all will deal with the situation of acrimony and bitterness. “There should be the political environment which is equal to all,” he said on the Key Points on TV3/3FM with host Dzifa Bampoh. He also called for the rules of engagement to be applied to all. “We need the rules, once you don’t have the rules then anybody wants to do anything,” he said, adding that “They need strong sanction regime and who ever is caught should be dealt with,” he said. The NPP is preparing to elect its polling station executives as part of preparations towards the 2024 elections. The exercise has been characterized by some agitations especially regarding the sale of the forms in parts of the country. At a news conference in Accra, the National Chairman Freddie Blay directed all committees in the various polling station to make sure all interested aspirants had access to the forms to prevent chaos reported from the constituencies. Mr Blay said “First and foremost, the process of election of Polling Station Executives commenced from Saturday, February 19, 2022 with Opening of Nominations and Closing on Monday, February 21, 2022. Per an earlier release by the General Secretary, vetting of prospective aspirants will be from Tuesday, February 22, 2022 and ends on Thursday, February 24, 2022. Subsequent to this will be the conduct of the Polling Station Election from Friday, February 25, 2022, and ends on Saturday, March 5, 2022. “The Party has been monitoring this process keenly since it stated. Notwithstanding all the adequate preparations to ensure a smooth process in this election, there has been reports of pockets of incidence happening in some of the constituencies. A few are Kade Constituency, Manhyia North, Bosome Freho, Ninmgo Prampram amongst others. “The party wish to emphasize that it has made available, adequate nominations forms to the Polling Stations/ Electoral Area Elections Committees, which are the mandated Committees for the conduct of the Polling Stations and Electoral Areas Elections in the 38,622 Polling Stations across the country. “The National Leadership of the Party, is per this press conference, directing all Polling Stations/ Electoral Area Elections Committees to make available the application forms to all eligible party members who wish to partake in this polling station elections. It is also assuring all eligible members that the party will take steps to ensure that application forms are made available to them. “With immediate effect, the party is also dispatching officers to reported areas of disturbances for fact-finding and investigations, and where necessary, disciplinary sanctions will be applied. “Further to this, it is also reported that some leading personalities have procured application forms for aspiring polling station executives. The party wish to advise that any such matters relating to financial support in this process must be channeled through the National Party Secretariat for uniformity, fairness and accountability. “Ladies and gentlemen of the Press, on this note, the National Party has decided to extend the sale of the Polling Station Application Forms by one day, that is, tomorrow, Tuesday, February 22, 2022. It is also by this press conference directing all Polling Station and Electoral Area Elections Committees to comply with the new extension.” 
20220225_160119_phl_C000634_A000002	newsinfo.inquirer.net	https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1560425/bello-dominates-first-vice-presidential-debate	PHL	Walden Bello (INQUIRER.net FILE PHOTO) MANILA, Philippines — Left-wing activist Walden Bello on Saturday made up for his poor performance in voter preference surveys and dominated the first televised debate among eight vice presidential candidates. The 76-year-old former congressman, one of the tailgaters in voter preference surveys since October, aired opinions widely held by Filipinos on a range of topics, including the rice tariffication law and political dynasties. All the eight candidates were given time in the debate limelight, but viewers agreed that the debate, organized and televised by , was taken by Bello, who did not even hold back expletives. The seven other vice presidential bets who attended the debate, organized and televised by CNN Philippines, were Rizalito David, Manny Lopez, Dr. Willie Ong, Sen. Francis Pangilinan, Carlos Serapio, and Senate President Vicente Sotto III. Rep. Lito Atienza was absent because he had to undergo surgery while Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte, the leading vice presidential candidate, declined to attend. Sara called ‘a coward’ Bello heaped insults on Duterte for not attending the debate and facing her rivals. “Mayor Sara Duterte, why are you not here to defend your positions? Nganong talawan man ka, Inday (Why are you such a coward, Inday)?” Bello asked. “I’m really terribly sorry that Mayor Duterte is not here to face the people. She is a coward just like Bongbong Marcos is a fucking coward,” he said. “I think the main problem that we face is the Marcos-Duterte tandem. I think they just spat on the face of the Filipino people, telling them you’re not worth my giving you our programs because they have fucking no programs,” he said. But Bello also had choice words for Sotto and Pangilinan as he slammed Congress for giving huge tax breaks to big businesses by passing the law that lowered corporate income taxes. Both Sotto and Pangilinan said that the law was needed to encourage foreign investment and provide more jobs to Filipinos and open up the economy. Bello also accused Sotto of “rewriting history” on his stance on the bloody war against illegal drugs and the 2017 arrest of opposition Sen. Leila de Lima. He also claimed that Sotto “never dissented” to the President’s priority legislation such as the Anti-Terrorism Act, the Rice Tariffication Act and amendments to the Public Services Act, the Retail Trade Liberalization Act, and the Foreign Investment Act, among others. Sotto disputed Bello’s claim that 37,000 were killed in the war on drugs and said there were 378,000 arrests from 2016 to October 2021, 258,000 operations, and only 6,021 drug-related deaths. He added that he did not allow De Lima, an opposition senator and former justice secretary, to be arrested within Senate premises. Pangilinan, the running mate of Vice President Leni Robredo, also agreed that the country should cooperate with the probe of the International Criminal Court (ICC) that has been deferred since November last year. Lopez of the Labor Party Philippines, said he supports the Duterte administration’s war on drugs as he sees “the implications of our nation becoming a narco state” while recognizing the need to protect human rights. As to having the Philippines rejoin the ICC, Sotto, Serapio of the Katipunan ng Kamalayang Kayumanggi and Ong of Aksyon Demokratiko all agreed that the country should rejoin the international body. The vice presidential bets also bared their preferred positions in the next administration. All chose existing departments, except for David, who said he wanted the next president to create a commission for moral renewal and cultural restoration. Cabinet positions Bello said he wanted to become finance secretary as he and his running mate plan to tax the top 750 billionaires in the country to fund social programs. Lopez said he wanted to be trade secretary to craft a new investments code, improve the legal framework for business, and provide no-interest loans. Ong, a doctor, could head the Department of Health or lead the distribution of aid. Pangilinan said he wanted to be involved in agriculture and fisheries. Serapio said he wanted to lead the Department of Foreign Affairs. Sotto said he wanted to head the Dangerous Drugs Board and the Department of the Interior and Local Government so that he could see to the proper implementation of the country’s drug laws. The candidates also urged the incumbent administration to impose measures to stem the steady increase of fuel prices amid the war between Ukraine and Russia. Bello said the government must find a way to impose price controls during times of emergency, such as the raging dispute between Russia and Ukraine. Ong said he and his standard-bearer, Manila Mayor Francisco Domagoso are proposing to lower taxes on fuel and electricity by 50 percent. Sotto said a bottom-up approach to government budgeting would prepare communities from any eventuality. Economist Lopez said the government should strike a balance between protecting the local economy, making investments in the country attractive to foreign capitalists. RELATED STORY Read Next Dont miss out on the latest news and information. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000645_A000034	www.digitaltrends.com	https://www.digitaltrends.com/news/inouye-solar-telescope-science-observations/	KEN	Astronomers of the world will soon have an incredible new tool for observing the sun, in the form of the Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope in Hawai’i. The Inouye Solar Telescope recently began its first science observations at the start of its year-long commissioning phase. The telescope from the National Science Foundation (NSF) is named after the senator from Hawai’i who passed away in 2012 and is the world’s most powerful solar telescope. With it, astronomers will be able to observe the sun in more detail than ever before. “We are proud to bring the world’s largest and most powerful solar telescope online,” said NSF Director Dr. Sethuraman Panchanathan in a . “The NSF’s Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope is a modern technological marvel, named in honor of late Senator Inouye, an American hero and leader dedicated to scientific research and discovery.” Inouye Solar Telescope with closed aperture near Haleakala summit, Maui, HI. National Solar Observatory (NSO), AURA, NSF The telescope released its , showing a close-up view of the enormous cell-like structures on the surface of the sun. To celebrate the first science observations, the team has released another image taken using the telescope in May 2021, showing a rather horrifying close-up view of on the sun’s surface. A newly released high-resolution image of solar sunspots captured by the Inouye Solar Telescope on May 11, 2021 (not from the first science observation). The data leading to this image were acquired with the Visible Broadband Imager blue channel at a wavelength of 450 nanometers. National Solar Observatory (NSO), AURA, NSF The construction of the telescope was controversial, as it is located on the Haleakala volcano on the island of Maui, which is a site of spiritual significance to native Hawaiians. There were , along with the nearby Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT), but work on the Inouye Solar Telescope began in 2013. The beginning of science operations had been delayed by 18 months due to covid, but now the telescope can begin taking high-resolution images of the sun and collecting data on phenomena like solar flares, sunspots, and coronal mass ejections. “Taking the first science observations with the Inouye Solar Telescope marks an exciting moment for the solar science community,” said Dr. Thomas Rimmele, NSO Associate Director and lead of the Inouye Solar Telescope, “There is no other facility like the Inouye Solar Telescope. It is now the cornerstone of our mission to advance our knowledge of the Sun by providing forefront observational opportunities to the research community. It is a game-changer.” Editors Recommendations 
20220225_160119_ind_C000666_A000012	www.moneycontrol.com	https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/world/volodymyr-zelenskyys-unlikely-journey-from-comedy-to-ukrainian-hero-8169761.html	IND	File image of Volodymyr Zelenskyy (Image: Reuters) When Volodymyr Zelenskyy was growing up in southeastern Ukraine, his Jewish family spoke Russian and his father once forbade the younger Zelenskyy from going abroad to study in Israel. Instead, Zelenskyy studied law at home. Upon graduation, he found a new home in movie acting and comedy — rocketing in the 2010s to become one of Ukraine’s top entertainers with the TV series “Servant of the People.In it, he portrayed a lovable high school teacher fed up with corrupt politicians who accidentally becomes president.Fast forward just a few years, and Zelenskyy is the president of Ukraine for real — and as Russian troops bear down on his country and Moscows rockets shatter the peace of beautiful, ancient Kyiv, as much of the world looks on in horror, his new role is playing an unlikely hero for the 21st century.With courage, good humor and grace under fire that has rallied his people and impressed his Western counterparts, the compact, dark-haired, 44-year-old former actor has refused to leave Kyiv even though he says he has a target on his back from the Russian invaders.Political observers, many of whom once saw Zelenskyy as something of a lightweight, say they have been moved by his example.In one display of grit, after an offer from the United States to transport him to safety, Zelenskyy shot back on Friday: “I need ammunition, not a ride.Russian forces on Saturday were encircling Kyiv in the third day of the war, and the chief objective, say military observers, is to reach the capital to depose Zelenskyy and his government and install someone more compliant to Russian President Vladimir Putin.In the runup to the Russian invasion, Zelenskyy had been critical of President Joe Biden’s open and detailed warnings about Putin’s intentions, saying they were premature and could cause panic. But after the war began, he has criticized Washington for not doing more to protect Ukraine, including defending it militarily or accelerating its bid to join NATO.The boldness of Zelenskyys stand for Ukraines sovereignty might not have been expected from a comedian, whose biggest political liability for many years was the feeling that he was too apt to seek compromise with Moscow. He ran for office in part on a platform that he could negotiate peace with Russia, which had seized Crimea from Ukraine and propped up two pro-Russian separatist regions in 2014, leading to a frozen conflict that had killed an estimated 15,000.Although Zelenskyy managed a prisoner exchange, the efforts for reconciliation faltered as Putins insistence that Ukraine back away from the West became ever more intense, painting the Kyiv government as a nest of extremism run by Washington.Zelenskyy has used his own history: Jewish, from eastern Ukraine, native Russian-speaking, with close friends among Russian artists, to demonstrate that his is a country of possibility, not the hate-filled polity of Putins imagination.In spite of Ukraines dark history of antisemitism, reaching back centuries to Cossack pogroms and the collaboration of some anti-Soviet nationalists with Nazi genocide during World War II, Ukraine after Zelenskyys election in 2019 became the only country outside of Israel with both a president and prime minister who were Jewish. (Zelenskyys grandfather fought in the Soviet Army against the Nazis, while other family died in the Holocaust.)Like his TV character, Zelenskyy came to office in a landslide democratic election, defeating a billionaire businessman. He promised to break the power of corrupt oligarchs who haphazardly controlled Ukraine since the dissolution of the Soviet Union.That this fresh-faced upstart, campaigning primarily on social media, could come out of nowhere to claim the countrys top office likely was disturbing to Putin, who has slowly tamed and corralled his own political opposition in Russia.Putins leading political rival, Alexei Navalny, also a comedic, anti-corruption crusader, was poisoned by Russian secret services in 2020 with a nerve agent applied to his underwear. He was fighting for his life when he was allowed under international diplomatic pressure to leave for Germany for medical treatment, and when doctors there saved him, he chose to go back to Russia despite certain risk.Navalny, now in a Russian prison, has denounced Putins military operation in Ukraine.Both Zelenskyy and Navalny seem to share a perspective that they need to face the consequences of their beliefs, no matter what.“It’s a frightening experience when you come to visit the president of a neighboring country, your colleague, to support him in a difficult situation, (and) you hear from him that you may never meet him again because he is staying there and will defend his country to the last,” Polish President Andrzej Duda said Friday.He spent time with Zelenskyy on Wednesday just before the fighting started, one of many political leaders who have visited Ukraine over the past month, including U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris.Zelenskyy first came to the attention of many Americans during the administration of President Donald Trump, who in a phone call with Zelenskyy in 2019 leaned on him to dig up dirt on then presidential candidate Biden and his son Hunter that could aid Trumps re-election campaign. That “perfect phone call, as Trump later called it, resulted in Trumps impeachment by the House of Representatives on charges of using his office, and the threat of withholding $400 million in authorized military support for Ukraine, for personal political gain.Zelenskyy refused to criticize Trumps call, saying he did not want to get involved in another countrys politics.Putins attack, which the Russian president has termed a “special military operation, began early Thursday. Putin denied for months that he had any intent to invade, and accused Biden of stirring up war hysteria when Biden revealed the numbers of Russian troops and weapons that had been deployed along Ukraines borders with Russia and Belarus — surrounding Ukraine on three sides.Putin justified the attack by saying it was to defend two breakaway districts in eastern Ukraine from “genocide.With Russian media presenting such a picture of his country, Zelenskyy recorded a message to Russians to refute the notion that Ukraine is the aggressor and that he is any kind of warmonger: “They told you I ordered an offensive on the Donbas, to shoot, to bomb, that there’s no question about it. But there are questions, and very simple ones. To shoot whom, to bomb what? Donetsk?Recounting his many visits and friends in the region — “Ive seen the faces, the eyes — he said, “It’s our land, it’s our history. What are we going to fight over, and with whom?”Unshaven and in olive green khaki shirts, he has taped other messages to his compatriots on the internet in the last few days to bolster morale and to emphasize that he is going nowhere, but will stay to defend Ukraine. “We are here. Honor to Ukraine, he declares.Zelenskyy and his wife, Olena, an architect, have a 17-year-old daughter and 9-year-old son. He said this week that they remained in Ukraine, not joining the exodus of mainly women and children refugees seeking safety abroad.The war has transformed the former comedian from a provincial politician with delusions of grandeur into a bona fide statesman, wrote Melinda Haring of the Atlantic Councils Eurasia Center for Foreign Affairs on Friday.Though he can be faulted for not carrying out political reforms quickly enough and for dragging his feet on hardening Ukraines long border with Russia over the last year, Haring said, Zelenskyy “has shown a stiff upper lip. He has demonstrated enormous physical courage, refusing to sit in a bunker but instead traveling openly with soldiers, and an unwavering patriotism that few expected from a Russian speaker from eastern Ukraine.“To his great credit, he has been unmovable. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000677_A000029	scitechdaily.com	https://scitechdaily.com/armless-but-not-harmless-bizarre-new-dinosaur-species-discovered-in-argentina/	UGA	Guemesia ochoai could have looked similar to relatives such as Carnotaurus sastrei (pictured). Credit: © Fred Wierum, licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 via Wikimedia CommonsA new dinosaur which formed part of an array of “unusual” creatures has been discovered in Argentina.The new species, Guemesia ochoai, could be the close relative of the ancestors of an armless group of dinosaurs, which roamed the southern hemisphere over 70 million years ago.A partially complete skull uncovered in Argentina provides new evidence of a unique ecosystem during the Late Cretaceous.Guemesia ochoai was a species of abelisaurid, a clade of carnivores which roamed what is now Africa, South America and India. Dating back around 70 million years, the dinosaur may have been a close relative of the entire group’s ancestors.The discovery of Guemesia ochoai‘s skull offers a valuable insight into an area which has very few abelisaurid fossils, and may go some way to explain why the area gave rise to such unusual animals.Professor Anjali Goswami, Research Leader at the Museum and co-author, says, ‘This new dinosaur is quite unusual for its kind. It has several key characteristics that suggest that is a new species, providing important new information about an area of the world which we don’t know a lot about.‘It shows that the dinosaurs that live in this region were quite different from those in other parts of Argentina, supporting the idea of distinct provinces in the Cretaceous of South America. It also shows us that there is lot more to be discovered in these areas that get less attention than some of the more famous fossil sites.’The description of the dinosaur, led by Argentinian researchers, was published in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology.Abelisaurs had very reduced forelimbs, shorter even than those of Tyrannosaurus rex. Credit: © Kabacchi, licensed under CC BY 2.0Armless, but not harmlessHundreds of millions of years ago, all the continents were combined together in a supercontinent known as Pangaea. Over time, as tectonic plates shifted, this landmass began to break into Gondwana and Laurasia.By 180 million years ago, these two massive continents would themselves start to split, with to form the major continents in the southern hemisphere, as well as India.While the new continents were slowly moving apart, species would still have been able to move between them, leading to some scientists suggesting that the fauna of each landmass would have remained .One of the groups living in Gondwana at the time were the dinosaurs. These were a group of top predatory theropods which may have fed on large dinosaurs such as . Yet despite this fearsome lifestyle, they were able to take down their massive prey .Many species of abelisaurs had front limbs that were even shorter than those of the more famous Tyrannosaurus rex and . This would have left abelisaurid hands unable to grasp, forcing the dinosaurs to rely on their powerful heads and jaws to capture prey.Fossils of these carnivores have been found in rocks across Africa, South America, India and Europe dating to the Late Cretaceous, just before 66 million years ago.Argentina is well known for abelisaur fossils, with 35 species already described from the country. But nearly all of these , in the country’s south, and comparatively few of the dinosaurs have been found in the north-west.The description of this new species from part of a skull provides vital new knowledge for scientists researching this period of history.Guemesia ochoai, whose braincase was enclosed within this block, was discovered in northern Argentina, where abelisaurs are rarely found. Credit: © Anjali GoswamiAbelisaurid ancestor?The braincase, including the upper and back parts of the skull, was found in the Los Blanquitos Formation near Amblayo, in the north of Argentina, in rocks dated to between 75 and 65 million years old. This means this animal lived just before end-Cretaceous mass extinction that saw .One unique feature of this dinosaur are rows of small holes in the front of its skull known as foramina. The researchers have suggested that these holes could have allowed the animal to cool down, with blood being pumped into the thin skin at the front of the head to release heat.Like many abelisaurids, the skull has a ‘remarkably small’ braincase, but even then, the new species has a cranium about 70% smaller than any of its relatives. This reduced size may point to it being a juvenile, but there is conflicting evidence on this.A similar lack of clarity extends to its other features, including thin parts of the skull and, unlike other abelisaurids, a lack of horns. It has been suggested that this could mean that the new species is near the bottom of the family tree of abelisaurs or closely related to the ancestors of the rest of the group.While some of the details may still be unclear, there are enough unique features of the dinosaur to convince researchers that is a new genus and species, which they named Guemesia ochoai. It is named after General Martin Miguel de Güemes, a hero of the Argentine War of Independence, and Javier Ochoa, a museum technician who discovered the specimen.While many questions still surround the newly described abelisaurid, it adds to a growing body of evidence suggesting north-western Argentina had a unique set of creatures unlike those found elsewhere in the world at this time.These include such as Stupendemys geographicus, one of the to have ever lived.Scientists now hope to uncover more specimens of Guemesia ochoai and its relatives to find out more about life in ancient Argentina. They are particularly focused on the period just before and after the end-Cretaceous mass extinction to understand how this massive event shaped life on Earth.In addition to Guemesia ochoai, the team has already uncovered several other interesting species, from fish to mammals, which they are currently describing.Anjali explains there is still much to be learned from the fossils of northern Argentina.‘Understanding huge global events like a mass extinction requires global datasets, but there are lots of parts of the world that have not been studied in detail, and tonnes of fossils remaining to be discovered,’ she says.‘We left some exciting fossils in the ground on our last trip, not knowing that it would be years before we could get back to our field sites. Now we are hoping that it won’t be too much longer before we can finish digging them up and discovering many more species from this unique fauna.’Reference: “First definitive abelisaurid theropod from the Late Cretaceous of Northwestern Argentina” by Federico L. Agnolín, Mauricio A. Cerroni, Agustín Scanferla, Anjali Goswami, Ariana Paulina-Carabajal, Thomas Halliday, Andrew R. Cuff and Santiago Reuil, 10 February 2022, Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology. 
20220225_160119_aus_C000699_A000038	www.smh.com.au	https://www.smh.com.au/national/why-covid-19-has-so-many-variants-so-quickly-20220225-p59zs7.html	AUS	Australian researchers believe they have discovered the secret of how SARS-CoV-2 produces so many mutations in its variants, giving clues as to how to head off future variants from emerging.The research, led by scientists at the Doherty Institute, shows the virus has been undergoing brief periods where its evolution was “accelerated” before returning to a more normal rate of mutation.A 3D map of SARS-CoV-2s spike protein.Credit:ScienceLead researcher Sebastian Duchene said all viruses, including SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, had a steady rate of mutation, but the COVID variants that emerged did not follow that pattern.“ to see in a month, and it was only around two,” Dr Duchene said.“But then when the first variants emerged they had many more mutations, which was quite surprising.”Dr Duchene said the scientific theory then shifted to suggest that SARS-CoV-2 could mutate at a faster rate than what was previously thought, but the subsequent evidence did not back that up either.To get to the bottom of what was happening, Dr Duchene and his colleagues compiled genetic data on the virus and its variants from multiple sources and then ran machine learning analysis on them to get a clearer picture of what was happening.“When we compare the original strain of the virus to variants what we find is the original strain evolves at exactly the rate you’d expect from a coronavirus, so no surprises there,” he said.“But then before a variant emerges it appears to accelerate its mutations, up to six times the original strain and accumulates all these mutations, but only for a period of six to eight weeks, and then it goes back to normal.” 
20220225_160119_gbr_C000718_A000023	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-10555499/Kim-Kardashian-deplanes-luxurious-new-private-jet-Kim-Air-returns-Milan-Fashion-Week.html	GBR	doesnt just dress well; she travel in style, too.The billionaire mogul, 41, returned from a few days in for Milan Fashion Week in her brand new private jet.The fashion icon donned her recent signature all-black look as she arrived back in on Friday. Jet-setter: Kim Kardashian returned from a few days in Italy for Milan Fashion Week in her brand new private jetThe mother-of-four was dressed in leather pants, heeled booties, and an oversized leather bomber.She took her edgy style up a notch with a pair of Prada gloves, after enjoying the luxury fashion brands overseas fashion show. The SKIMS founder added a pair of chic, rectangular-shaped black sunglasses and a disposable black face mask.Kardashian slicked her dark hair into a chic and simple knot arranged at the back of her head. Blackout: The fashion icon donned her recent signature all-black look as she arrived back in Los Angeles on Friday Accessories: She took her edgy style up a notch with a pair of Prada gloves, after enjoying the luxury fashion brands overseas fashion show Glamorous: The SKIMS founder added a pair of chic, rectangular-shaped black sunglasses and a disposable black face maskKim skipped jewelry and carried her iPhone in her hand as she made her way to a car after debarking. Kim traveled overseas with her glam squad to enjoy Milans high-profile annual fashion event.She took to Instagram on Friday and said, [Peace] Milan - thank you Prada for the love! Can’t wait to post all my @prada looks.She added, Big shout out to my glam squad, u guys killed this look once again! Minimalist: Kardashian slicked her dark hair into a chic and simple knot arranged at the back of her headAfter what was no doubt an exhausting few days, the star and her entourage were able to kick back in style on a private jet for the long flight home.Her hairstylist Chris Appleton shared a video as he boarded a swanky private jet that featured a welcome mat fit for reality TV royalty.The words Kim Air were woven in black on a sand colored rug.Team: Kim traveled overseas with her glam squad to enjoy Milans high-profile annual fashion eventWow feeling grateful to experience Kim Air back to LA, the celebrity hair stylist penned on Instagram. His word choice seemed to be a subtle nod to his holy grail line of hair care products, Color Wow.Chris, Kim and her makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic enjoyed a little mid-flight reading, paging through the print edition of Kardashians recent Vogue Magazine cover story.Appleton gushed: Leaving Milan this morning and finally saw the print issue of @voguemagazine.Love these two feeling grateful for this experience, he added. Luxury: Kim has been enjoying the spoils of years of hard work as an entrepreneur and media figure A photo from inside the plane cabin saw a fresh faced Kim seated between the artists with her raven hair slicked back in a low bun and sporting an oversized leather bomber jacket.Mario and Chris flanked the SKIMS founder on either side while holding up an issue of Vogue featuring the cover girl.Kims glam squad helped cement her as a global style and beauty it girl and helped lead to the development of her own often sold-out beauty line, KKW Beauty, which is currently going through the rebrand.Appleton and Dedivanovic have also pivoted their expertise into entrepreneurial endeavors with high end product lines of their own. On the hair side, Chris founded Color Wow and on the makeup end, Mario created the cult-obsessed line Makeup by Mario. Low-profile: Kim kept her look understated and low-key as she returned from her trip Spotted: Despite covering her famous visage with sunglasses and a mask Kim was recognizable New post: The reality TV personality dropped in on Instagram on Saturday to share a new selfie with her 288 million followersThe reality TV personality dropped in on Instagram on Saturday to share a new selfie with her 288 million followers.The beauty styled her locks in two low braids on either side of her head and held up a peace sign.She sported a black bra that showed off her curves as she posed in her nude colored home, and despite the extensive travel, Kim wrote in her caption, shockingly not jet-lagged.Kims new aircraft was designed to complement her car collection, which matches her Calabasas home. Tremendous trio: Chris, Kim and her makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic enjoyed a little mid-flight reading, paging through the print edition of Kardashians recent Vogue Magazine cover story Coordinated: Kims new aircraft was designed to complement her car collection, which matches her Calabasas home In her words: I wanted my cars to kind of blend in. My house is gray and I wanted them to kind of match the house, so I did all gray cars instead of my typical matte silver that I used to do, Kim told Vogue While things seem to be great in the sky, her estranged husband, Kanye West, filed to have his social media outbursts rendered inadmissible in a hearing on whether Kim will be declared legally single.In the past two months he has drawn widespread mockery and opprobrium over a string of posts aimed at Kim and her new boyfriend, , among others. Kim filed court documents saying the posts contained a lot of misinformation and have caused her emotional distress.Now the 44-year-old rappers counsel has said in response: Kim claims she read something online allegedly by Kanye and characterizes the posts in her declaration as misinformation, reported citing court documents.Kim needed to offer the social media posts into evidence, and show that the posts were written by Kanye, Kanyes attorney continued.Two months ago Kim filed to be declared legally single, and a hearing will occur next week in order to decide the matter. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000739_A000021	www.phonearena.com	https://www.phonearena.com/news/apple-iphone-se-3-price_id138716	USA	is expected to kick off its 2022 product announcements with the . The new iteration will succeed the current model that came out in April 2020 and although its likely to carry forward the same design, some analysts believe its improved internals will be enough to drive substantial upgrades. A new report suggests that the iPhone SE 3 will be more affordable than its predecessor.Per an Investors Business Daily , Loop Capital Markets analyst John Donovan has heard rumors that the iPhone SE 3 could start as low as $300, which would make it cheaper than the latest model which costs $399.Wedbush Securities analyst Daniel Ives believes that the $399 starting price will remain unchanged, but has not dismissed the possibility of a lower price. Ives thinks Apple is currently experiencing the strongest iPhone upgrade cycle its had since 2015, and wouldnt want to outprice itself.Regardless, the 2022 iPhone SE 3 - which will be aimed at budget-conscious buyers and those looking for - is expected to lure some 1.4 billion Android phone users and 300 million iPhone owners. Apple isnt exactly a recognized player in the mid-tier space, which is dominated by Android manufacturers like Samsung, Huawei, and OnePlus. The iPhone SE 3 may change that and help boost sales in markets like China.Although the $300 price tag sounds too good to be true, its certainly possible, given a February that pointed to a price of around $305. What will the iPhone SE 3 bring to the table?The short answer is an aged design, a faster chip, and connectivity. The current model can only connect to 4G networks and is underpinned by the in-house A13 Bionic chip. Most industry insiders think the 2022 model will be powered by the A15 Bionic, the same chip that powers the iPhone 13 family. Donovan agrees and also adds that the iPhone SE 3 will have a better camera, which is in line with Bloombergs Mark Gurman prediction. The 2020 version got iPhone 11s 12MP main camera and a 7MP front snapper, in case you are wondering. Whether the new SE will get iPhone 12s primary sensor or iPhone 13s main shooter remains to be seen.Dont expect the new device to look any different than the iPhone SE 2, which itself is based on the iPhone 8 and has a 4.7-inches LCD panel and Home Button integrated Touch ID. Rumors indicate that the phone will get a makeover next year.The iPhone SE 3 will apparently be announced online on and sharing the virtual stage will be a new iPad Air tablet and a Mac. Apple last held an event in October 2021 where it revealed the third-generation AirPods and new MacBook Pro. 
20220225_160119_can_C000749_A000006	www.cheknews.ca	https://www.cheknews.ca/convoy-against-covid-mandates-descending-on-victoria-once-again-958890/	CAN	A convoy of vehicles and protesters unhappy with government pandemic mandates, mainstream media, vaccines, and the Prime Minister is descending on Victoria once again. For the fifth Saturday in a row, a large string of trucks and other vehicles boasting Canadian flags is en route to Victoria, in hopes their protests will trigger an end to current COVID-19 restrictions. Victoria Police say traffic disruptions are anticipated in downtown Victoria and in the area of the BC Legislature throughout late Saturday morning and into the afternoon. Police note that CCTV cameras will be deployed in support of their operations to ensure public safety. “The ability to protest in a safe, peaceful and lawful manner is a key Canadian right that is enshrined in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Our role as a police department during protests is to remain neutral while we ensure that public safety and people’s rights to protest safely, peacefully and lawfully are upheld,” reads a statement from Victoria Police. “Dangerous and/or unlawful acts will be met with de-escalation and enforcement, including Criminal Code, Motor Vehicle Act and Municipal Bylaw investigations.” Last weekend, seven violation tickets were issued by VicPD — some being mailed to drivers after the event — including infractions for excessive noise, obstructing traffic, and no driver’s license. Since the “freedom convoy” first began its march to Ottawa, countless other support convoys and protests have since sprouted up in cities nationwide and at border crossings. What first began as a demand to end a federal government vaccine mandate for truckers returning to Canada, has morphed into a broader protest against all other COVID-19 restrictions, mainstream media, and the government. The movement attracted a cross-section of people including alt-right groups and controversial figures. Although B.C. has loosened some of its COVID-19 restrictions such as opening up nightclubs and dropping gathering limits, demonstrators continue to hold signs protesting the vaccine card along with vaccine and mask mandates. 
20220227_144857_idn_C000016_A000017	www.boston.com	https://www.boston.com/culture/streaming/2022/02/25/10-best-movies-tv-shows-streaming-february-2022/	IDN	The best of whats new on Netflix, Hulu, HBO Max, Disney Plus, and more. Rooney Mara and Bradley Cooper in Nightmare Alley. Searchlight Pictures Though the song is nearly 30 years old, Bruce Springsteen’s “57 Channels (And Nothin’ On)” encapsulates the struggle viewers face today. With hundreds of cable channels, dozens of streaming services, and countless on-demand titles, trying to decide what to watch can feel like an endless ordeal. That’s where we come in. Each month, Boston.com recommends 10 must-watch movies and TV shows available on streaming platforms like Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, Disney+, HBO Max, and more. Many recommendations are for new shows, while others are for under-the-radar releases you might have missed, or classics that are about to depart a streaming service at the end of the month. Have a new favorite movie or show you think we should know about? Let us know in the comments, or email me at . Looking for even more great streaming options? Check out previous editions of our . “I Want You Back” VIDEO Milton native Jenny Slate dips into rom-com territory for her newest movie “I Want You Back,” a Valentine’s Day romp opposite “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia” star Charlie Day. After Emma (Slate) and Peter (Day) meet in a stairwell after being dumped by their significant others (played by Gina Rodriguez and Scott Eastwood), the duo later hatches a plot to end each other’s exes burgeoning new relationships. The best romantic comedies are defined by the likability of their leads, and both Slate and Day show that they are more than capable of adding rom- to their traditional com-(edy) territory. How to watch: “I Want You Back” is . “KIMI” VIDEO Despite a critically acclaimed career that has spanned three decades and produced classics like “Traffic” and “Out of Sight,” Steven Soderbergh somehow still feels underappreciated. Soderbergh is a master of genre, as evidenced by his taut new thriller, “KIMI,” which feels like the first real COVID-19-era film. Angela Childs (Zoe Kravitz, “Mad Max: Fury Road”) rarely leaves her apartment. She fights agoraphobia brought on by the pandemic and a traumatic incident in her past while working remotely for a fictional big tech company whose signature product is a smart speaker (a la Amazon’s Alexa) named KIMI. When Angela hears what sounds like a violent crime emitted from her KIMI, she is thrust into a world of paranoia and danger that feels remarkably on-brand as we finish Year Two of the pandemic. How to watch: “Kimi” is . “The Lost Daughter” VIDEO Based on the Elena Ferrante novel of the same name, “The Lost Daughter” is yet another masterful performance from Olivia Colman, who won a Best Actress Oscar in 2019 for “The Favourite” and could have easily won a Supporting Actress award last year for “The Father.” In this psychological drama from actress Maggie Gyllenhaal, Colman plays a prickly college professor on vacation in Greece who inserts herself in the lives of a young mother (Dakota Johnson) and her 3-year-old daughter. “The Lost Daughter” may have missed out on a Best Picture nomination, but it’s certainly among the year’s best. How to watch: “The Lost Daughter” is “Nightmare Alley” VIDEO Guillermo del Toro’s ode to old Hollywood was just the ticket for Academy voters, as his remake of the 1947 noir scored four nominations, including a Best Picture nod that wasn’t forecasted by many Academy Awards experts. The engrossing thriller stars Bradley Cooper as an opportunistic carnival worker with a dark past. After learning the tricks of the trade from a pair of mentalists (Toni Collette and David Strathairn), he aims to con a wealthy New York scion with the help of two women (Rooney Mara and Cate Blanchett). How to watch: “Nightmare Alley” is and . “Tinder Swindler” VIDEO For whatever reason, we can’t get enough of scammers. Whether it’s the story of Billy McFarland and Fyre Festival, Elizabeth Holmes and Theranos, or the more straightforward scam artistry of fake-socialite Anna Delvey (of the recent limited series “Inventing Anna”), we’re fascinated by schemers and hustlers working their magic. That’s the appeal at the heart of the documentary “Tinder Swindler,” a spiritual successor to “Catfish” about a man named Shimon Hayut who masquerades as a wealthy diamond heir on dating apps to scam multiple women out of tens of thousands of dollars. Watching Hayut’s destructive actions unfold will make you think twice about swiping right. How to watch: “Tinder Swindler” is . “Reacher” VIDEO When Tom Cruise emerged from his couch-jumping, Scientologist-espousing period to reclaim his status as an A-lister, it was thanks in part to the revival of the “Mission: Impossible” series. But before that, it was Cruise’s surprisingly successful turn in 2012’s “Jack Reacher,” as an ex-Army Major turned surly private eye. For the Amazon original series “Reacher,” Cruise has handed the reigns over to Alan Ritchson, who plays the taciturn investigator with subtle humor and a not-so-subtle bulk that’s closer to the 6-foot-5 Reacher first envisioned by author Lee Child. For an actor who has spent most of his career playing background henchmen, Ritchson is a welcome presence in his leading-man debut. How to watch: “Reacher” is . “The Righteous Gemstones” VIDEO In a 2017 sketch, the current state of TV comedies, imagining what it would be like if CBS — the king of broad, brightly-lit, sitcoms — pivoted to the uber-serious, barely-a-comedy shows that tended to win awards for FX and HBO. Though HBO has certainly dipped its toe into the auteur-driven dramedy genre, “The Righteous Gemstones,” from funnyman Danny McBride (“Eastbound and Down”) is a comedy with a capital C. Sure, there are some social messages to be found in a show about backstabbing evangelical Christians played by the likes of McBride, John Goodman (“The Big Lebowski”), Adam Devine (“Workaholics”), and Walton Goggins (“The Shield”), among others. But “Gemstones” is most concerned with being uproariously funny, which is much appreciated at this moment in time. How to watch: “The Righteous Gemstones” is . “Severance” VIDEO With only three episodes to date, it might be too early to recommend this brain-twisting, genre-defying series on Apple TV+. But the mystery being teased by this dark allegory for work-life balance is too intriguing to resist. The series begins with Mark S. (Adam Scott, “Parks and Recreation”), a middle manager at a corporation. Or at least a part of Mark S. is a middle manager. In reality, the mind of Mark S. has been split in two, so that office Mark S. has no knowledge of what goes on during the 16 hours a day he’s not at work, while real-life Mark S. has no clue what he does for a job. There’s a lot more to be discussed, but you’ll have to tune in yourself to watch this sci-fi/comedy/mystery/thriller slowly reveal its true nature. How to watch: “Severance” is . “Single Drunk Female” VIDEO Getting sober (and staying sober) is tough for anyone. It can be especially tough in your 20s, when many are at the height of their social butterfly stage. “Single Drunk Female” tells the story of Sam, a writer who is fired from her day job due to her struggles with alcohol. She ends up moving home to the Boston area, where she has to deal with running into old friends, former flings, and living with her overbearing mother (Ally Sheedy, “The Breakfast Club”). Based on series creator Simone Finch’s own experiences growing up (and then returning) to Melrose, “Single Drunk Female” is a funny, touching show that has room to grow. How to watch: “Single Drunk Female” is streaming on and . “Vikings: Valhalla” VIDEO During its six-season run, Michael Hirst’s Scandinavian historical drama never received its due. Perhaps it was because the show primarily aired on the History Channel instead of a network known for prestige drama like HBO. Regardless, Netflix clearly recognized the value of “Vikings,” as it greenlit a spinoff series, “Vikings: Valhalla,” shortly after the original ended its six-season run in 2021. The new edition, which debuted on Netflix on Friday, fast-forwards 100 years past the events of the original “Vikings,” focusing on Leif Erikson, the Norwegian explorer who first established a Western foothold in the Americas centuries before Columbus. If you need to catch up on the original series first, on Amazon Prime, Hulu, Peacock, and HBO Max. How to watch: “Vikings: Valhalla” is . Newsletter Signup Stay up to date on all the latest news from Boston.com 
20220227_144857_idn_C000061_A000006	www.si.com	https://www.si.com/soccer/chelsea/fan-opinions/comment-hakim-ziyech-kai-havertz-deserve-starting-chelsea-roles-vs-liverpool	IDN	Thomas Tuchel has options ahead of deciding on his Chelsea team to take on Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley on Sunday afternoon., apart from the obvious absence of Ben Chilwell, to select from for . could return from his hamstring injury, while Mason Mount (ankle) and Callum Hudson-Odoi (Achilles) are in the frame to be selected following time on the sidelines. and both trained at Cobham ahead of the the final, a welcome boost for Tuchel as they look to claim their third piece of silverware of the season so far.IMAGO / PA ImagesBut Tuchel has decisions to make in attack. All of his front line are fit: Mason Mount, Christian Pulisic, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Kai Havertz and Romelu Lukaku will all be vying for, likely, three roles at Wembley. Following recent weeks, and should Ziyech be ready to start, Tuchel should be selecting the Moroccan and Havertz in his front three. They have proven themselves to be decisive for Chelsea in recent weeks and bang on form ahead of the cup final. There is no need to drop either from the starting XI. , admitting he does deserve to start but that wont necessarily mean he will, as Lukaku looks to reclaim his place in the side after being dropped against LOSC Lille. “If he did enough to justify? It’s a clear yes. Does this mean he needs to start and has to start and will start? No. We will also decide this late. IMAGO / SportimageIt will depend also on how much he played, to what we need, with what characters we want to fill the positions. Did he do enough in the last weeks? Absolutely yes.”Havertz is a big-game player, hes proved that. He scored the decisive goal in the Champions League final last season, as well as the Club World Cup final winner from the penalty spot earlier this month in Abu Dhabi. As Tuchel recently recognised, the Germany international has stepped up in recent weeks and offers not only his attacking side of the game, but helps out defensively too, something the Blues head coach has called all of his forwards to do.Kai is very strong for weeks now, really steps up, . His effort is immense, the work rate is immense, the areas of the pitch he covers for us is very, very good. He was decisive, created chances, was involved, and was never shy of defending.IMAGO / SportimageFor Ziyech, he will be competing with Mount for a starting role at Wembley. A Tuchel go-to prior to his injury at the Club World Cup, and the 23-year-old midfielder will be keen to return to the starting XI at Wembley.But Ziyech cant be dropped for his return, that may have to come in the other spot out on the left-hand side despite it not being his favoured position in the front line. Ziyech, 28, has scored in his last three Premier League appearances and has featured in four of Chelseas five Carabao Cup games this term. The Chelsea winger has been involved right up until the final and Tuchel has to offer some loyalty to his players who helped the Blues go the distance, despite the boss insisting he wont let sentiment get in the way of his team selection. With that line ahead of the final in the capital, every spot in up for grabs. Not many are guaranteed starters at Wembley, particularly in midfield and attack, but Ziyech and Havertz can be allowed to feel hard done by if they are benched against Liverpool.Follow Absolute Chelsea on: | | | 
20220227_144857_can_C000181_A000012	www.cbc.ca	https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/liquor-boards-pulling-russian-products-1.6365808	CAN	A University of New Brunswick professor says removing Russian liquor products from store shelves is symbolic, but wont have any significant economic impact in pressuring Russia President Vladimir Putin to back off the invasion of Ukraine. Alcool NB Liquor has announced it will pull Russian-made vodka off its shelves. It sells three variations of the brand Russian Standard.Thats certainly important symbolically for those of Ukrainian descent who are 1.5 million in Canada right now, said Henryk Sterniczuk.Sterniczuk immigrated from Poland and spent multiple years working in Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan working on democratic reforms related to economics and education.But … from the economic perspective, it is not very meaningful.He said only a tiny fraction of hard liquor imported into Canada comes from Russia.From a symbolic political dimension, it is a very important gesture that whatever we can do, we should do to send a message to Russian leadership that we disagree with what they are doing.... But financially, this is not a sanction, which would be terribly painful. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced on Friday it would impose sanctions on Putin and his inner circle.Sterniczuk said there is also meaning for the consumers in signaling that the products are being pulled. But he notes that those products have already been paid for by the time they reach stores.However, he said there may be longer-term impacts, such as the future of contracts.Likely the move would more directly hit the profits of those who own brands, such as Russian businessman Roustam Tariko, who owns Russian Standard. What would happen, might be a snowball effect where factories in Russia reduce output of alcohol due to lower demand. Sterniczuk said Canada should consider action like stopping the import of oil and gas from Russia to truly apply effective pressure. Sanctions are important, but they must be in an important area, not on the margins. They are on the margins at the moment.And so they will not change the policy, they simply give the Western leaders a sense of accomplishment.From the consumer perspectiveFredericton resident Tim Thompson said it was important to reach out to Alcool NB Liquor to ask that products from Russia be pulled.I think it signals that Canada as a whole and on the international stage, that were [in] solidarity with the Ukrainians, and with them fighting for their freedoms.Its important for us to ensure that theres no conflict and stay out of war as much as possible across the entire globe.... So whatever we can do peacefully and diplomatically, in order to de-escalate the situation in Ukraine, is extremely important.Political implicationsOpher Baron, a professor of operations management at the University of Toronto, said seeing provincially run liquor boards make this decision is interesting from a political perspective. It is one thing if me, as an end consumer, decides to no longer purchase Russian imported drinks or in general, things that are imported from Russia, said Baron. And it is another thing to say that a liquor board, which in some provinces are public companies, [is] doing that. So this becomes a political decision.Bottles of Russian Standard vodka are seen in a LCBO store in Ottawa. (Patrick Doyle/Reuters)The liquor boards of all the Maritime provinces, Ontario, Manitoba and British Columbia are not selling products from Russia due to the situation in Ukraine. The Société des alcools du Québec also announced it would be doing so. Initially, the board stated that it would not be removing products as it did not want to make a political statement. Baron said other financial ties between the countries should be explored at the federal level.Im more into trying to support Ukrainian products than trying to boycott Russian ones, especially because typically those boycotts will impact the people, not the leaders.Ultimately, Baron said Canada should prepare a strong refugee policy to help those fleeing from Ukraine. I think that may have a bigger impact on the quality of life for more people. 
20220227_144857_gha_C000305_A000038	www.latestly.com	https://www.latestly.com/agency-news/science-news-covid-19-genetic-risk-variant-protects-against-hiv-says-study-3411378.html	GHA	Solna [Sweden], February 26 (ANI): A recent study has revealed that in addition to risk factors such as advanced age and chronic diseases like diabetes, genetic heritage also contributes to individual COVID-19 severity risk.The study was published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).Also Read | In the autumn of 2020, Hugo Zeberg at Karolinska Institutet and MPI-EVA and Svante Paabo at MPI-EVA showed that we inherited the major genetic risk factor for severe COVID-19 from Neanderthals. In the spring of 2021, the same researcher duo studied this variant in ancient human DNA and observed that its frequency has increased significantly since the last ice age. In fact, it has become unexpectedly common for a genetic variant inherited from Neanderthals.Hence, it may have had a favourable impact on its carriers in the past. This major genetic risk factor for COVID-19 is so common that I started wondering whether it might actually be good for something, such as providing protection against another infectious disease, said Hugo Zeberg, who is the sole author of the study.Also Read | The genetic risk factor is located in a region on chromosome 3 that consists of many genes. There are several genes in its vicinity that encode receptors in the immune system. One of these receptors - CCR5 - is used by the HIV virus to infect white blood cells.Zeberg found that people who carried the risk factor for COVID-19 had fewer CCR5 receptors. This led him to test whether they also had a lower risk of becoming infected with HIV. By analysing patient data from three major biobanks (FinnGen, UK Biobank and Michigan Genomic Initiative), he found that carriers of the risk variant for COVID-19 had a 27 per cent lower risk of contracting HIV.This shows how a genetic variant can be both good and bad news: Bad news if a person contracts COVID-19, good news because it offers protection against getting infected with HIV, said Zeberg.However, since HIV only arose during the 20th century, protection against this infectious disease cannot explain why the genetic risk variant for COVID-19 became so common among humans as early as 10,000 years ago.Now we know that this risk variant for COVID-19 provides protection against HIV. But it was probably protection against yet another disease that increased its frequency after the last ice age, Zeberg concluded. (ANI)(This is an unedited and auto-generated story from Syndicated News feed, LatestLY Staff may not have modified or edited the content body) 
20220225_160119_gha_C000609_A000007	www.ghanaweb.com	https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/GoG-warns-Ghanaians-in-Ukraine-against-unscrupulous-persons-posing-as-officials-for-evacuation-1478669	GHA	General News of Sunday, 27 February 2022 Source: Shirley Ayorkor Botchwey The Government of Ghana (GoG) has cautioned the general public to be cautious about unscrupulous persons posing as government officials designated to assist in the evacuation exercise for Ghanaian nationals in Ukraine due to the Russia conflict. This caution was contained in a press release issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration that was announcing the contact details of persons assigned to assist with the evacuation exercise, on Saturday February 26. The Government of Ghana is evacuating Ghanaian students to neighboring countries – Moldova, Belarus, Slovakia and Hungary – due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. A statement issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration on Friday February 25 said “The Ministry through its Mission in Berne, Switzerland and the Honourary Consulate in Ukraine are in touch with the Ghanaian students in Ukraine through their leaders. “A list of students has been compiled to facilitate an evacuation exercise.” The National Union of Ghana Students (NUGS) had maintained that evacuating Ghanaian students from Ukraine is the single most effective response to the conflict. In a petition to the government on Friday February 25, NUGS said “We therefore make the following recommendations which must all be geared ultimately towards evacuation, Parliament should direct and supervise our mission in Switzerland through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to take immediate steps to make food, water and sanitary materials available to students while preparation for evacuation is underway. “The embassy must improve its communication with students and establish formal means of giving out information to reassure the students who are losing hope in our systems.” Meanwhile, the first batch of Ghanaian students stranded in Ukraine has been safely evacuated to Romania, 3news.com can confirm. The students, who were in Chernivtsi, were evacuated as part of arrangements made by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration via Ghana’s Mission in Berne, Switzerland. The Ministry on Friday night conceded that as a result of the difficulty in airlifting Ghanaian students due to a shutdown of Ukrainian airspace, arrangements were rather made the evacuation be by land through neighbouring Moldova, Belarus, Slovakia and Hungary. So far, those in Romania will be taken care of by the Romanian government as per the arrangements made by the Foreign Ministry. Another batch is on its way to Hungary while a bus will be available on Monday to take the remaining to Poland, whose border is said to be choked. 
20220225_160119_isr_C000665_A000004	sports.ndtv.com	https://sports.ndtv.com/football/roman-abramovich-hands-over-control-of-chelsea-to-clubs-foundation-2792169	ISR	Chelseas Russian owner Roman Abramovich said Saturday he was handing over the stewardship and care of the Premier League club to the trustees of its charitable foundation. The move comes with Russia under intense scrutiny following its invasion of Ukraine this week.Billionaire Abramovich, who took over at Stamford Bridge in 2003, said in a statement: During my nearly 20-year ownership of Chelsea FC, I have always viewed my role as a custodian of the club, whose job it is ensuring that we are as successful as we can be today, as well as build for the future, while also playing a positive role in our communities.I have always taken decisions with the clubs best interest at heart. I remain committed to these values. That is why I am today giving trustees of Chelseas charitable foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC.I believe that currently they are in the best position to look after the interests of the club, players, staff, and fans.It is understood Abramovich took the decision in order to protect Chelsea from reputational damage as war rages in Ukraine.The Telegraph reported Abramovich will remain the owner of the club and is not looking to sell the European champions.Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck is also chair of the clubs foundation.Blues manager Thomas Tuchel admitted on Friday that uncertainty over Abramovichs future as owner was weighing on his club ahead of Sundays League Cup final against Liverpool.We should not pretend this is not an issue, he said. The situation in general for me and for my staff, the players, is horrible.Nobody expected this. Its pretty unreal, like I said its clouding our minds, its clouding our excitement towards the final.Earlier in the week, using parliamentary privilege, Liberal Democrat MP Layla Moran named Abramovich as one of 35 key enablers to Russian leader Vladimir Putin who should be sanctioned.The UK government on Friday ordered all assets of Putin and his Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov frozen over Russias invasion of Ukraine.The Treasury issued financial sanctions notices against the two men, adding them to a list of Russian oligarchs who have already had their property and bank accounts in the UK frozen.Abramovich is not on the list.Britain is a favourite destination for oligarchs and their families and has been criticised for not doing enough to prevent the flow of their money into the country.Abramovich has supplied Chelsea with Ł1.5 billion ($2 billion) worth of funding over the past 19 years.Chelsea have enjoyed a period of unprecedented success as a result, winning five Premier League titles and two Champions League crowns among a vast haul of silverware since he took over the club.We note Mr Abramovichs statement and are seeking urgent clarification on what this statement means for the running of Chelsea FC, the Chelsea Supporters Trust (CST) said in a statement.The CST board are ready to work with the trustees of The Chelsea Foundation in order to ensure the long-term interests of the club and supporters.We stand with the people of Ukraine.Portugal granted citizenship to the 55-year-old in December and he has also been granted Israeli citizenship.PromotedAbramovich is worth nearly $14 billion according to Forbes. He ranked 142nd on the magazines 2021 list of the globes billionaires.(This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)Topics mentioned in this article 
20220225_160119_ind_C000666_A000017	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/india/chitra-ramkrishna-geotagged-images-hotel-booking-point-to-nse-ceos-aid-7792625/	IND	Geotagged images with location just 13 metres from the Chennai residence of Anand Subramanian, the former Group Operating Officer of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), a hotel booking by the “Himalayan Yogi” for which payments were made by Subramanian, email attachments of the “Yogi” modified by Subramanian minutes before they were sent, and similarity of phrases used in communications by the “Yogi” and Subramanian. This is some of the evidence that an Ernst & Young investigation has cited to indicate that the mystical “Himalayan Yogi” to whom former NSE MD and CEO is alleged to have leaked confidential market information was none other than Subramanian. On Thursday, in connection with a 2018 bourse manipulation case. Subramanian’s arrest came in the wake of a Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) report which indicted in contravention of rules, and for sharing confidential NSE information with the “Himalayan Yogi”, who communicated with her through email id rigyajursama@outlook.com. The SEBI report also mentioned that the E&Y investigation into the email ID strongly indicated that the “Himalayan Yogi” was Subramanian himself.Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium The CBI, which has got Subramanian’s custody till March 6, is in possession of the E&Y report. It will be verifying these findings with Subramanian in the next few days. The E&Y findings were based on an analysis of communications between Ramakrishna, Subramanian and the “Himalayan Yogi” between January 2000 and May 2018. Ramkrishna was MD and CEO of the NSE from April 2013 to December 2016, and had appointed Subramanian in the same period. The strongest indication that the E&Y has cited for the “Himalayan Yogi” being none other than Subramanian is two geotagged images attached in the emails sent using id rigyajursama@outlook.com. The location of these geotagged images was found to be close to Subramanian’s residence in Chennai. According to the report, 17 emails with attachments were analysed by E&Y. Of these attachments, eight were images. “… we observed that 2 images (corresponding to 2 emails) had been geotagged and the location appeared to be close to Subbu’s (Subramanian’s) residential address at Chennai,” the report said. The location captured in the image was “53 2nd Main Road Teynampet Chennai Tamil Nadu 600018 India”. The latitude and longitude showed “13.03524°, 80.24791°”. The residential address of Subramanian – “No. 2/14, II Main Road, IInd Floor, Seethammal Colony, Extension, Opp Siet College, Teynampet, Chennai 600018 – was found to have the latitude and longitude of “13.036528, 80.253271”. Separately, E&Y ran the same check on two emails with image attachments sent by Subramanian from his official email ID to Ramkrishna. “The captured location of these photographs was similar to the captured location of the photographs that were sent by Rigyajursama. The latitude and longitude of this photograph showed “13.03514, 60.24779°”. Based on public domain information, the distance between the coordinates (latitude and longitude) of photographs sent by Subbu (13.03514 °, 80.24778 °”) and Rigyajusrsama (“13.03524 °, 80.24791 °”) was 13 metres,” the report said. Another evidence cited by E&Y is a hotel booking at Umaid Bhavan. On December 1, 2015, rigyajursama@outlook.com sent an email to Ramkrishna (also marked to Subramanian) that Kanchan’s – a reference to Subramanian — holiday had been “approved and booked by ME at Umaid Bhavan”. “As per the bank statement of Subbu, a transaction dated 27 November 2015 amounting to INR 237,984 towards “Umaid Bhawan Palace” was noted,” the report has said. E&Y also analysed the profile used on Subramanian’s NSE desktop. It was observed that the shared desktop had user profile “sanand” for Subramanian. Review of the desktop data pertaining to windows profile “sanand” revealed that the Skype accounts in the name of “anand.subramanian9” and “siromani.10” were configured in the Skype application database. E&Y concluded that as the Skype accounts were configured on “sanand” windows profile, only a user having knowledge of “sanand” login credentials could have accessed these skype accounts. “The Skype account with user profile name “sironmani.10" was linked to email id rigyajusama@outiook.com and mobile number as +9191675774 12 (this number was assigned to Subbu by NSE),” the report said. E&Y also concluded that the language used in the Skype chats by “siromani.10” with Ramkrishna were similar to those used in communication from rigyajursama@outlook.com to Ramkrishna. “On performing a search on Skype with email id “ngyajursama@outlook.com” we observed two profiles “Rigyajusama Vel” and “Sironmani.10”. Further, on performing a search on Skype with cell phone number *+919167577412” a profile in the name of “Sironmani.10” was observed,” the report has said. Also in several emails, rigyajursama@outlook.com and Subramanian use similar phrases such as “toe the line” and “Ashirvadham” to Ramkrishna. In some emails – from those outside of NSE to Subramanian – E&Y observed he was referred to as “God” or “Swamy” whose blessings were sought. In two emails, Subramanian indicated that the “Himalayan Yogi” had met two NSE employees. However, these employees said they had met no other person than Subramanian and Ramkrishna in the context of those meetings. The analysis of nine emails sent by rigyajursama@outlook.com that had word/excel documents as attachments revealed that eight of these had been “last modified by” Subramanian or he was the “author”. “Further, based on the ‘last modified’ date/ time and the corresponding email sent date/ time, we noted that there were five emails that were sent within five minutes of the ‘last modified’ time. (One email was also sent within a minute of the ‘last modified’ time),” the report said. 
20220225_160119_lva_C000674_A000020	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/huawei_vp_confirms_the_mate_50_will_eventually_be_a_thing-news-53347.php	LVA	Nothing is set in stone or really officially announced at this point, but Huawei Consumer Business Group Strategy Marketing Department Vice President, Li Changzhou chimed in on a community forum recently, kind of confirming that the Huawei Mate 50 family is eventually going to exist. This is sort of a big deal not just for fans of the line, but potentially for Huawei in general and, depending on how you look at it, could even be considered a sort of return to form for the Chinese giant. Last year Huawei only introduced a single flagship line - the , which is sort of a step back from previous years, where the Mate lineup would offer a concurrent flagship assortment. Li Changzhou did not share any specific info, as you might imagine. The community thread he hopped on to discussed the companys upcoming Spring 2022 Smart Office Live February 27 event, part of MWC 2022, which you can watch live . He was answering an eager fan hoping to see a Mate 50 at the event. Roughly translated, the response reads: The Mate 50 will come, but not right now. At present, there are still many other good products worth paying attention to. Thats good enough for us, and in any case, its the closest thing to an official mention of the Mate line weve seen in a long time. Some reports have previously suggested that we could see a new Huawei Mate device some tine around June this year. Take these with a pinch of salt, but if that is the case, we can probably assume that any potential Mate 50 might be based on a second-generation Snapdragon 8 processor. Though, given the current state of legal affairs, it would have to be one locked to 4G connectivity. Unless, of course, something changes in the meantime. But thats all merely speculation at this point. | 
20220225_160119_lva_C000674_A000026	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/entertainment/bffs-suhana-khan-ananya-panday-amp-up-glam-quotient-during-recent-dinner-date-2792176	LVA	Ananya Panday posted this. (Image courtesy: )HighlightsAnanya Panday shared an Instagram story Stealing Shanayas clothes is my hobby, wrote Ananya Panday Ananya Panday was last seen in GehraiyaanFriends who slay together, stay together --- thats what Suhana Khan, Ananya Panday and Shanaya Kapoor depict with their bond.On Saturday night, the three BFFs stepped out for a girls night out. The young girls looked in a party mood as they all were dressed to the nines.Several pictures of the star kids have been doing the rounds on the internet in which they can be seen oozing oomph with their outfits.Suhana donned a white off-shoulder top teamed with a pair of striped trousers. She completed her look with hoop earrings. Ananya looked gorgeous in a lavender-coloured bodycon dress, while Shanaya opted for a white dress with cut-out detailing on the waist.Ananya even took to Instagram to give a glimpse of her look and mentioned that its her pal Shanayas dress that she has sported.Stealing Shanayas clothes is my hobby, she captioned the post.Screenshot of Ananya Pandays Instagram storyFor the unversed, Suhana, Ananya, and Shanaya are daughters of actors Shah Rukh Khan, Chunky Panday, and Sanjay Kapoor respectively.Much like their best friend Ananya, Suhana and Shanaya are also looking forward to pursuing a career in acting. Shanaya had announced last year that she will make her Bollywood debut with Karan Johars film, while Suhana will reportedly be seen in Zoya Akhtars Indian adaptation of the Archies comics. 
20220225_160119_zwe_C000686_A000021	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/social/twitter-testing-a-feature-to-let-people-reply-to-tweets-with-new-threads-7792890/	ZWE	Twitter is reportedly working on a new feature that would allow users to reply to tweets with a whole new tweet thread of their own. This is helpful for those who intend to have conversations that slightly start straying away from the main topic, without hindering them. Twitter engineer Jan Manchun Wong shared a screenshot of the new interface, that lets people add to their tweet thread. Currently, it is not clear how the company looks to handle notifications, in a way that it does not affect the original poster or other users following the tweet. The new feature is also ideal for users who prefer having long, detailed conversations where the 280 character limit is not enough. Those interested can continue on that one thread, preventing the original tweet and interactions from getting messy. There also seems to be no limit to how often one can reply to their thread, as evidenced by the screenshot, which hints at 1366 tweets in response to the original. A report also suggested that the company might be testing a . It is helpful when you are unwillingly dragged into a conversation that you have no interest in being part of. Up until now, users would have to mute entire conversations, but this new feature would untag the username, stop any future mentions, and prevent notifications from popping up. The feature is currently in the testing phase and might take a while before it gets a stable app release on and . 
20220225_160119_sgp_C000688_A000003	www.channelnewsasia.com	https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/hdb-bto-projects-complete-senja-ridges-senja-heights-2522761	SGP	SINGAPORE: Two of the five Build-to-Order (BTO) projects have been completed, the Housing and Development Board (HDB) said on Sunday (Feb 27). The contractors, Greatearth Corp and Greatearth Construction, ran into financial difficulties despite government assistance and were unable to continue with the projects in August last year. New construction firms were then appointed to take on the jobs, with a revised probable completion date in the first quarter of 2022 for a block at Senja Ridges in Bukit Panjang. This block, with 230 units, was completed in January, said HDB. “Since mid-February, flat buyers have been progressively receiving the keys to their new home,” it added. The second completed project comprises two blocks at Senja Heights. One of the blocks was completed in December while the other was finished in February – both ahead of their revised probable completion date, HDB noted. “Key collection has commenced progressively since late January,” it added. 
20220225_160119_gha_C000689_A000037	www.deseret.com	https://www.deseret.com/coronavirus/2022/2/26/22950560/omicron-variant-symptoms-long-covid-19-what-to-expect-now	GHA	Scientists and doctors have been speaking out about coronavirus symptoms you might be experiencing now as the and become more common among infected people.What to expect from the BA. 2 omicron variant: The omicron variant’s subvariant — the BA.2 variant — has been spreading in recent weeks as normal omicron variant symptoms have dwindled, as I wrote for the Symptoms: The has different compared to other coronavirus variants, per . Spokane Regional Health District Health Officer Francisco Velazquez told that dizziness and fatigue are unique COVID-19 symptoms that people are experiencing from the BA.2 variant. What to expect from long COVID-19: has become another factor that doctors are concerned about, as I wrote for the Long COVID-19 describes the symptoms people feel weeks to months after their initial COVID-19 infection.Symptoms: , a registered nurse with , told that long COVID-19 has some telling signs to consider.“You will likely know once you start to feel better that you are recovering from COVID. However, some — such as cough, loss of smell or taste, headaches, nausea, dizziness, and muscle pains — can linger for weeks or months after major symptoms subside. The severity of symptoms will differ for each person, so it’s important to seek medical attention if any symptoms persist or worsen more than a few days after they begin.” 
20220225_160119_bwa_C000725_A000028	www.espn.com	https://www.espn.com/tennis/story/_/id/33382581/rafael-nadal-defeats-cameron-norrie-mexican-open-final-third-title-2022	BWA	ACAPULCO, Mexico -- said earlier in the week that he wasnt aware of his career statistics. Now, he might want to have a look at them.The 35-year-old Spaniard defeated 6-4, 6-4 on Saturday to win the Mexican Open and extend his career-best start for a season to 15-0 as he won his 91st ATP title.Nadal, who won his third title in 2022, including the Australian Open for his record 21st Grand Slam singles title, is three victories from tying Ivan Lendls total of 94 for third place for most championships in the Open Era. Jimmy Connors leads with 109 and has 103.At the end of the day Ive always said that this kind of records needs to be measured once your career is over, Nadal said. Today the most important thing is that I have won a prestigious tournament.Rafael Nadal extended his career-best start for a season to 15-0 with Saturdays win in the Mexican Open final. AP Photo/Eduardo VerdugoThe Mexican Open is an ATP 500-level tournament played on hard courts, and this year four of the top-five players in the world started in the draw: (2), (3), (4) and Nadal (5).Medvedev, who will rise to No. 1 in the rankings on Monday, lost to Nadal in the semifinals. Zverev was thrown out of the tournament for violently smashing his racket on the umpires chair moments after losing a doubles match, and Tsitsipas lost to Norrie in the other semifinal.[Acapulco] is a tournament that started with five of the top six players in the world, Nadal said. It was complicated, and I ended up taking the victory. Looking back, a few weeks ago this would have looked impossible. Its amazing how things can change in such a short span, from not being able to practice and now to be where I am today.Nadal won for the fourth time in Acapulco (2005, 2013 and 2020), where he is a fan favorite.He won his first title in Mexico when he was 18 and holds the record for the youngest winner in tournament history as well as the oldest at 35.Its been a long career, Nadal said. The first time I came here, everything was new for me, and after all these years you start to appreciate more each victory than when you were an 18-year-old boy.Nadal said that his body is holding up well and that he is eager to play at Indian Wells, California, in a couple of weeks.Norrie, who was on an eight-game winning streak, was trying to become the first British man to win the Mexican Open in its 29-year history.I played against him before, so I had an idea on how to play him, but I gave him a couple of easy points and he gave me nothing, said Norrie. It was little bit of lack of concentration, and I gave him the match.At the start of the match, Nadal had a break in the fifth game to take a 3-2 lead and went on to win the first set in 51 minutes.In the second set, Nadal had a break in the first game, but Norrie returned it and appeared to be back into the match, but the Spaniard added breaks in the fifth and seventh games to take home the trophyIn the doubles final, and defeated and 7-5, 6-4. 
20220225_160119_ken_C000732_A000002	www.standardmedia.co.ke	https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/politics/article/2001438814/why-dp-wiilliam-ruto-is-out-of-the-country-for-a-fortnight	KEN	Deputy President William Ruto. [Courtesy] Deputy President William Ruto has left the country this morning for a ten-day tour of the United States of America (USA) and the United Kingdom (UK). His tour, according to a statement by his head of International relations Ababu Namwamba, seeks to ‘further strengthen ties with the country’s traditional friends and partners. Ruto left the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport this morning in the company of the head of his Presidential campaign secretariat Governor Josephat Nanok and his Kwale counterpart Salim Mvurya. In his tour, the DP is set to meet and speak to Kenyans living in the diaspora; the USA as well as in the UK. However, it is not yet clear who the Deputy President will meet apart from the archbishop of Canterbury, His Grace Justin Welby. “He is to meet among others, state department officials, the pentagon and US government national security council advisor Condoleezza Rice,’ Ababu had said. The DP has travelled together with his close aides in his national campaign secretariat. [Courtesy] “In London, he will meet senior UK government officials, National Counter-Terrorism Center then speak to the commonwealth secretariat, Kenyans in diaspora then pay a courtesy call to archbishop Canterbury, His Grace Justin Welby,” Justin Portal Welby, 66, is a British bishop who is currently the 105th Archbishop of Canterbury and the most senior bishop in the Church of England since 2013. Ruto’s departure comes a day after he was axed as Jubilee Deputy party leader following his rebellion since the March 9, 2018 handshake and his alliance to the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) party. When revamping the party, President Uhuru Kenyatta (the party leader) also hinted at endorsing ODM leader Raila Odinga’s presidency after joining the Azimio la Umoja movement. The president said he would prefer a candidate who has the interests of people at heart as opposed to those who prioritise personal ambitions. 
20220225_160119_usa_C000739_A000034	www.deseret.com	https://www.deseret.com/coronavirus/2022/2/26/22950560/omicron-variant-symptoms-long-covid-19-what-to-expect-now	USA	Scientists and doctors have been speaking out about coronavirus symptoms you might be experiencing now as the and become more common among infected people.What to expect from the BA. 2 omicron variant: The omicron variant’s subvariant — the BA.2 variant — has been spreading in recent weeks as normal omicron variant symptoms have dwindled, as I wrote for the Symptoms: The has different compared to other coronavirus variants, per . Spokane Regional Health District Health Officer Francisco Velazquez told that dizziness and fatigue are unique COVID-19 symptoms that people are experiencing from the BA.2 variant. What to expect from long COVID-19: has become another factor that doctors are concerned about, as I wrote for the Long COVID-19 describes the symptoms people feel weeks to months after their initial COVID-19 infection.Symptoms: , a registered nurse with , told that long COVID-19 has some telling signs to consider.“You will likely know once you start to feel better that you are recovering from COVID. However, some — such as cough, loss of smell or taste, headaches, nausea, dizziness, and muscle pains — can linger for weeks or months after major symptoms subside. The severity of symptoms will differ for each person, so it’s important to seek medical attention if any symptoms persist or worsen more than a few days after they begin.” 
20220225_160119_mys_C000756_A000013	www.thestar.com.my	https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2022/02/27/investors-brace-for-volatility-as-west-moves-to-cut-russia-off-from-swift	MYS	NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) -Investors were preparing on Saturday for more wild gyrations in asset prices after Western nations announced a harsh set of sanctions to punish Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, including blocking some banks from the SWIFT international payments system. New measures announced by the United States, Britain, Europe and Canada also include restrictions on the Russian central banks international reserves. The moves will be implemented in the coming days. Investors have feared Russia would get kicked off SWIFT, the worlds main international payments network, as this would disrupt global trade and hurt Western interests as well as hit Russia.It means there is going to be a catastrophe on the Russian currency market on Monday, said former Russian Central Bank Deputy Chairman Sergei Aleksashenko. I think they will stop trading and then the exchange rate will be fixed at an artificial level just like in Soviet times.Michael Farr, chief executive of financial consulting firm Farr, Miller & Washington LLC, said of the impact on global markets, This could be a surprise that is not taken very well if it means a slowdown in international trade.” The news comes after a week when worries over the intensifying conflict in Ukraine shook markets across the world. Stocks tumbled and oil prices soared as investors rushed to gold, the dollar and other safe havens. Many of those safety moves were at least partially unwound on Thursday and Friday, and U.S. stock markets rallied to close up for the week.The latest measures could send markets on another wild ride, as traders assess the implications for the global economy, including potentially higher commodity prices and inflation. The war between Russia, one of the world’s biggest raw materials’ exporters, and Ukraine has already helped push up oil prices to their highest level since 2014. The S&P 500 is off 8% for the year to date, dragged down by worries over geopolitical strife and a more hawkish Federal Reserve. A lot of traders were kind of becoming convinced that the U.S. and Europe were not taking a hard stance,” said Edward Moya, senior market analyst at OANDA. “This action will be really difficult to digest and it will really pick a nerve for a lot of investors. ... A lot of the rebound we saw in the latter half of last week will be tested.” Mohamed El-Erian, part-time chief economic adviser at Allianz and chair of Gramercy Fund Management, said excluding Russia from SWIFT “has the potential to cripple the economy there if done comprehensively.Inevitably there would be spillovers and spillbacks, including more of a stagflationary impetus to the global economy and greater likelihood of Russian arrears to Western companies and creditors, he said, in emailed comments.Tom Martin, senior portfolio manager at Globalt Investments, said the move is going to continue fueling demand for gold, Treasuries and other popular destinations for nervous investors.“SWIFT is going to be painful and the markets are going to recognize that,” he said. “What you are going to get is continued volatility as all the participants are going to be adjusting their risk tolerance.”One likely casualty will be the Russian rouble, investors said. Russia’s currency fell to an all-time low against the U.S. dollar in the past week, though it pared some of those losses on Friday.“With the central bank likely to face severe constraints on currency intervention, the rouble will struggle to find a bottom,” said Karl Schamotta, chief market strategist at Corpay. “No one wants to catch a falling knife.Some investors, however, said the markets could put a positive spin on the fresh measures as Western troops had not joined the war. “It’s the closest thing to a declaration of war from a financial perspective, said Ross Delston, a U.S. lawyer and former banking regulator. It’s going to result in Russia being viewed as radioactive by U.S. and EU banks, which in turn would be a major barrier to trade with Russia.” (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia, Ira Iosebashvili, Catherine Belton, Megan Davies, Saqib Iqbal Ahmed and Michelle Price; editing by Paritosh Bansal, Leslie Adler and Cynthia Osterman) 
20220225_160119_gbr_C000758_A000023	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-10556073/Ryan-Reynolds-Blake-Lively-match-1-million-donations-Ukrainian-refugees.html	GBR	Ryan Reynolds and have once again demonstrated their immense generosity following the outbreak of war in .On Saturday, the 45-year-old actor revealed that he and his wife Blake, 34, will match donations up to $1 million made to the Refugee Agency in support of Ukrainian refugees.In 48 hours, countless Ukrainians were forced to flee their homes to neighboring countries, Ryan wrote on a retweet of a post by the non-profit organization. Helping out: Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively have once again demonstrated their immense generosity amid the outbreak of war in Ukraine Generous: On Saturday, the 45-year-old actor revealed that he and his wife Blake, 34, will match donations up to $1 million made to the United Nations Refugee Agency in support of Ukrainian refugees. Seen in 2021He continued, They need protection. When you donate, well match it up to $1,000,000, creating double the support.The UN Refugee Agencys original tweet read: Right now, the crisis in Ukraine is forcing families to flee their homes. Please make a donation today to send lifesaving aid to displaced Ukrainians, and @VancityReynolds & @blakelively will match your gift $1-for-$1 up to $1,000,000. Fundraising: Blake also shared the announcement on her own Instagram page, posting a photo of a mother with a child wearing a jacket in the Ukrainian colors of blue and yellowBlake also shared the announcement on her own Instagram page, posting a photo of a mother with a child wearing a jacket in the Ukrainian colors of blue and yellow. The Gossip Girl star wrote, @vancityreynolds and I are doubling every dollar donated to @usaforunhcr up to $1,000,000 link in bio to donate.@usaforunhcr is on the ground helping the 50,000+ Ukrainians who had to flee their homes in less than 48 hours. Crisis: Nearly 120,000 Ukrainians have fled their home country after Russia began its invasion of its neighboring nation on Thursday. Blake and Ryan seen in 2019@usaforunhcr is providing life saving aid, and also working with neighboring countries to ensure protection for these families. Nearly 120,000 Ukrainians have fled their home country after Russia began its invasion of its neighboring nation on Thursday.On Saturday, the United Nations warned that up to 4 million people may flee Ukraine if the war continues. Magnanimous: Ryan and Blake, who tied the knot in 2012 and share son James, seven, and daughters Inez, five, and Betty, two, have frequently stepped up over the years to lend a hand in times of crisesRyan and Blake, who tied the knot in 2012 and share son James, seven, and daughters Inez, five, and Betty, two, have frequently stepped up over the years to lend a hand in times of crises. Earlier this month, the couple donated another $1 million to Feeding America and Food Banks Canada amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.The two had already contributed $500,000 each to the organizations when the pandemic first began in 2020.In January, Ryan and Blake gave $13,000 to a fundraiser supporting Welsh soccer player Jordan Davies and his girlfriend Kelsey Edwards after the stillbirth of their son.Last September, the couple gave $1 million to American Civil Liberties Union and NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.Other acts of generosity by the pair include donating $500,000 to help homeless youth in Ryans native country of Canada, giving $40,000 to aid in Haitis earthquake recovery efforts and contributing $2 million to support immigrant childrens rights. Philanthropists: Earlier this month, the couple donated another $1 million to Feeding America and Food Banks Canada amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Seen in 2016 
20220225_160119_can_C000760_A000036	www.livemint.com	https://www.livemint.com/science/health/good-news-on-omicron-subvariant-ba-2-unlikely-to-cause-another-covid-surge-experts-explain-why-11645950825502.html	CAN	In good news regarding , a new study has revealed that those who have been infected with COVID subvariant BA.1 are less likely to get infected with BA.2. subvariant. This is because BA.1 version of the Omicron coronavirus variant provides strong protection against the latter. The study also indicates that widely circulating BA.2 is unlikely to cause a major wave of infections in countries that have already witnessed an Omicron peak led by the previously identified subvariant. The authors - Troels Lillebaek, a molecular epidemiologist at the State Serum Institute in Copenhagen, and his team looked into Denmark’s medical registries to find out whether re-infection by the BA.2 subvariant can create havoc. Can Omicorn BA.2 cause severe reinfection? They saw the BA.2 subvariant has been proliferating in Denmark since the start of this year, and currently comprises about 88% of all coronavirus cases. But the wave of BA.1 that preceded BA.2 is offering protection. “There’s a build-up of immunity at the moment that is preventing a disaster, Lillebaek said, as quoted by the scientific journal Nature. “If BA.2 arrives in a community late, when the BA.1 Omicron wave is nearly over, immunity by Omicron infection and/or by boosting is likely to keep BA.2 from driving a second Omicron wave, said Sarah Otto, an evolutionary biologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, and Lillebaeks colleague to Nature. In another piece of good news, the study also indicates that the vaccines provide some amount of protection against Omicron including BA.2. The study, which was published on the preprint server medRxiv, but is yet to be peer-reviewed. What who said on re-infection risks by Omicron BA.2? Regarding the topic, World Health Organisation (WHO) officials said that there is no difference in the re-infection risks, when sub-lineage BA.1 and BA.2 are compared. “If there was an increase, it would mean that re-infection is likely to occur and because we are not seeing that, its a good sign, WHOs Maria Van Kerkhove said. Watch here: Previously, WHO had mentioned that BA.2 subvariant is more transmissible than the previously identified variant, but the severity level of both the variant (among humans) is the same. However, though the variant is milder than Delta, Omicron is not mild, the UN health agency pointed out time and again. Subscribe to Mint Newsletters * Enter a valid email * Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000772_A000020	tech.hindustantimes.com	https://tech.hindustantimes.com/mobile/news/the-most-affordable-iphone-ever-iphone-se-3-coming-know-likely-price-of-this-market-disruptor-71645952267327.html	UGA	Apple will likely launch the most affordable iPhone at the upcoming Spring event- iPhone SE 3 Check the likely iPhone SE 3 price below. is known for its premium smartphones. Of course, we are talking about iPhones, but here we are referring to the cheapest iPhone and yes, you can even term it as affordable! Apple asks consumers to pay a premium price for the premium features found on iPhones. However, there is an affordable range of Apple smartphones too and these ones too are pretty high on specs and features, but they dont have all of them and the size is smaller. This is the iPhone SE series, which comes at a cheaper price in comparison to other iPhones. But even that is not that affordable as you can find the last iPhone SE (2020) currently priced at Rs. 39,900 for its basic model- with discounts and trade-in thrown in, price can fall as low as <U+20B9>15,000 currently. However, a big change seems to be sweeping Apple that may lead to some big announcements at the Apple Spring event which is rumoured to be scheduled on March 8, 2022. According to the leaks, Apple is going to launch the most affordable iPhone ever in the market. This is reportedly coming because Apple is looking to ramp up its ambition and target the affordable segment of the market, that it has not ever done. Reason is that, Apple is looking at luring as many as 1 billion Android users to itself with the new iPhone SE 3,Yes, you heard it right! The most affordable iPhone ever is going to hit the smartphone market soon. Believing the leaks and rumours mill, during the upcoming event Apple will launch the next iPhone SE 3, which will be the successor of iPhone SE (2020). The new iPhone is a 5G smartphone. iPhone fans have waited for this affordable option for the last two years, and as we are coming close to the expected launch of the iPhone SE 3, leaks and rumours around its expected price are gaining a lot of attention. The latest leak from market analyst John Donovan suggests that the upcoming iPhone SE 3 will be priced at just $300 (approx Rs. 23,000)! If that happens, Apple iPhone SE 3 will truly be a market disruptor that will radically change the market forever. So, will the iPhone SE 3 be a good deal?This latest update comes as a surprise for Apple fans, as the iPhone SE 3 is tipped to support the 5G connection along with a new A15 chip, which has been used even in the latest iPhone 13. If the leak report is true, then iPhone SE 3 will be the cheapest phone ever because the last iPhone SE 2020, which was the 4G model was launched at the starting price of $399. While the most affordable 5G Apple smartphone is the iPhone 12 mini which was priced at $599 for the basic memory variant.At this price, Apple is preparing to sport a 5G Apple A15 Bionic chipset which is seeded in the latest iPhone 13 series - iPhone 13, iPhone 13 Mini, iPhone 13 Pro, and iPhone 13 Pro Max. Besides that, it is expected to feature a single camera setup of a 12MP camera sensor as well as an external X60M 5G baseband chip. Though, the official update from Apple is still awaited, which may reveal something more about the next iPhone SE 3. 
20220225_160119_uga_C000772_A000024	abcnews.go.com	https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/screen-actors-guild-awards-offer-oscars-preview-83139707	UGA	In an upset, the deaf family drama “CODA” took top honors at an unpredictable and history-making 28th Screen Actors Guild Awards that also saw wins for the leads of “Squid Game, the cast of “Ted Lasso” and Will Smith.The ceremony, held Sunday at Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California, and broadcast on both TNT and TBS, was notably border-breaking, with historic wins for deaf actors, Korean stars and some of Hollywoods biggest names. It culminated with “CODA, Sian Heders heartwarming Apple TV+ coming-of-age film featuring a trio of deaf actors in Marlee Matlin, Troy Kotsur and Daniel Durant, along with newcomer Emilia Jones, winning best ensemble. The film has been seen as a watershed moment for the deaf community in Hollywood. This validates the fact that we, deaf actors, can work just like anybody else. We look forward to more opportunities for deaf actors, said Matlin on stage before teaching the crowd sign language for “I love you.” Matlin is the only deaf actor to win an Oscar, but her “CODA co-star, Kotsur, may be in line to join her. Kotsur won best supporting actor Sunday, becoming the first deaf actor win an individual SAG award. When his name was read, the 53-year-old veteran actor plunged his head into his hands. On stage, he thanked his wife for “reminding me to check my fly before walking the red carpet.” Netflixs “Squid Game,” the first non-English language series nominated by the actors guild, came on strong with three awards, including Lee Jung-jae for best male actor in a drama series and Jung Hoyeon for best female actor in a drama series. Those wins came over the likes of “Succession” stars Brian Cox and Jeremy Strong, and Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston of “The Morning Show.”“I have sat many a times watching you on the big screen dreaming of one day becoming an actor, Jung told the crowd, fighting back tears.Still, HBOs Succession” ultimately reigned in the best drama series category. Cox fittingly accepted the award with an expletive printed on his face mask, and another uttered as he struggled to take it off. But Cox turned serious when discussing Russias invasion of Ukraine. In the evenings bluntest remarks on the invasion, he noted that the president of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, was a comic — and thus a fellow performer. He urged censored dissenters in Russia to speak out.“The people in Russia who dont like whats going on — and particularly the artists — I think we should join and celebrate them and hope that they can make a shift, as I believe they can,” said Cox while the audience stood and applauded.The SAG Awards are considered one of the most reliable predictors of the Academy Awards. Actors make up the largest percentage of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences, and their picks often align. In 2020, when the cast of “Parasite” and Brad Pitt won, they matched exactly. Though the actors guild and the academy diverged last year when Aaron Sorkins 1960s courtroom drama “Trial of the Chicago 7” topped the SAG Awards and “Nomadland” triumphed at the Oscars, the win for “CODA” suggests its a major threat to win best picture over Kenneth Branaghs “Belfast” (which went winless Sunday) and Jane Campions leading Oscar nominee “The Power of the Dog (which failed to get an ensemble nod even though three of its actors were individually nominated).SAGs track record may also mean Will Smith, star of the Williams family tennis drama “King Richard,” is heading for his first Oscar. Smith took best actor, scoring his first SAG award.That may have been one of the greatest moments of my career just now because my name was called for ‘King Richard’ sitting next to Venus Williams, beamed Smith.Best actress has been more difficult category to track. Many have seen Olivia Colman (The Lost Daughter) as the favorite to win her second Oscar. In an especially competitive category, those snubbed have often drawn the most focus. Kristen Stewart of “Spencer” was passed over by SAG, while Lady Gaga (House of Gucci) missed with the film academy.Yet it was Jessica Chastain, who plays the infamous televangelist in “The Eyes of Tammy Faye,” who won Sunday, notching her first individual SAG award. Heading into the Oscars on March 27, no category may be more uncertain.Meanwhile, Ariana DeBose of “West Side Story” confirmed her frontrunner status with a win Sunday for best supporting performance by a female actor. DeBoses award, too, had historic resonance. “It’s indicative that doors are opening,” said DeBose, speaking to reports in a virtual backstage media room. “It’s an honor to be seen, it’s an honor to be an Afro-Latina, an openly queer woman of color, a dancer, a singer, and an actor. Its indicative to me that I will not be the last, and that’s the important part.The SAG Awards, which will be available to stream Monday on HBO Max, are presented by the Hollywood actors guild SAG-AFTRA. After the January Golden Globes were a non-event, they were Hollywoods first major, televised, in-person award show — complete with a red carpet and teary-eyed speeches — this year. The “Hamilton” trio of Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr. and Daveed Diggs kicked off the broadcast with the declared theme of “together again.”“We’ve returned to a world where all we have to do to hang out like this is get dressed up, show up, get swabbed, sanitized, screened, masked, vaccinated, boosted, rapid-tested and PCR-cleared within 24 hours,” said Odom Jr. “Now who’s ready to party?”Some casts, citing quarantine regulations related to production schedules, attended remotely — including the lead television nominee, “Ted Lasso.” Appearing by video link with his castmates around him, Jason Sudeikis accepted the award for best actor in a comedy series. The Apple TV+ show was later named best comedy series ensemble.While the Academy Awards arent mandating vaccination for presenters (just attendees), it was required for the SAG Awards, which are voted on by the Hollywood actors’ guild SAG-AFTRA. Other awards went to Jean Smart of “Hacks, Kate Winslet of “Mare of Easttown and Michael Keaton of “Dopesick,” who dedicated his award to his nephew, Michael. Keaton has previously said he died from fentanyl and heroin use in 2016. The SAG Awards also coronated “The Queen” actress Helen Mirren. The five-time SAG winner was honored with a lifetime achievement award.“Honestly, any achievement that I’ve succeed in is the result of my mantra which is basically: Be on time and don’t be ass,” said the 76-year-old Mirren. “Thank you, thank you, S-A-G so much for this. I hate to say the word ‘sag’ at my age.”———Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP 
20220225_160119_irl_C000777_A000004	www.independent.ie	https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/central-bank-is-keeping-a-keen-eye-on-oligarchs-billions-that-wash-through-dublin-41389952.html	IRL	n money washing through Ireland has long attracted attention from security forces and the Central Bank — the agency responsible for imposing EU financial sanctions. he sanctions package adopted last week by the EU includes targeted restrictive measures on a number of individuals and entities, and on economic activity in the regions of Ukraine under Russian control. They will be implemented through the Central Bank, and firms and financial institutions are required to monitor the lists of names and entities under sanction. If a transaction generates a ‘hit’ with a sanctioned person or entity, the assets must be immediately frozen, and the transaction halted, according to the Central Bank. All attempted breaches of sanctions are reported to An Garda Síochána’s National Economic Crime Bureau, which in turn, circulates the information through international police agencies. The Dáil was told last week that Ireland was becoming a “funnel” for Russian oligarchs’ dirty money. Labour Party leader Alan Kelly said an estimated €118bn flowed through the International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) to Russian entities from 2005 to 2017. Oligarchs have been using Section 110 companies — special purpose vehicles — that pay minimal tax and are not transparent. Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe said there was “a level of Russian capital traded in and out of our IFSC” simply because Ireland had a large financial services sector. Money-laundering legislation has been tightened and tax laws have been changed. A research paper identified 125 Section 110 firms with Russian connections. One Section 110 firm was used to raise $9.2bn for the Russian state development bank VEB between 2010 and 2013. Major Russian investors here have included Oleg Deripaska, the billionaire ally of Russian president Vladimir Putin, and Eugene Kaspersky, a cyber security expert who has consistently denied links to the Kremlin. Mr Deripaska owns the En+ Group, which includes Rusal, the global aluminium giant which in turn owns the Aughinish Alumina plant in the Shannon Estuary. The business employs 450 people. Though he has not been named in the latest round of sanctions, he was one of 23 prominent Russian oligarchs and government officials hit by sanctions in April 2018, measures imposed by Washington in response to Moscow’s 2014 invasion of Crimea. The Financial Times reported that the US Treasury accused him of laundering funds for Mr Putin — which was denied. Sanctions against his companies were lifted when he withdrew from the business. In 2020, European officials concluded Mr Deripaska was still running Rusal in violation of sanctions. Mr Deripaska said the sanctions had resulted in “the utter devastation of his wealth, reputation and economic livelihood.” Two properties linked to him were raided by the FBI last year. Russian cyber security boss Eugene Kaspersky Russian cyber security boss Eugene Kaspersky Eugene Kaspersky, owner of Kaspersky Lab, a cyber security business, opened a Dublin office in 2016. The US later banned government agencies from using Kaspersky products. Mr Kaspersky told the Financial Times in 2020 that it was “absurdly ridiculous” to assume that just because he was brought up in Russia “my company and I must be bosom buddies with the Russian intelligence agencies”. 
20220225_160119_irl_C000777_A000034	www.nbcmiami.com	https://www.nbcmiami.com/news/national-international/millions-of-years-of-animal-migration-hold-clues-to-the-mystery-of-lost-continent/2701026/	IRL	A lost continent that once connected Asia to southern Europe may have formed an ancient passageway that helped animals migrate west, leading to a sudden and widespread extinction event around 34 million years ago, according to new research. In a study published in the March 2022 edition of the , scientists described a forgotten continent that was once sandwiched between Europe, Asia and Africa. This low-lying landmass, which they dubbed Balkanatolia, enabled mammals from Asia to cross into Europe, triggering the extinction of native European fauna in an event known as the Grande Coupure, which fundamentally altered the regions biodiversity. The research helps fill in a long-standing mystery of how distinctly Asian mammals — ranging from ancient relatives of the rhinoceros to rodents and hoofed animals that were distant — wound up colonizing another continent. People have basically known for decades that Asian mammals invaded Europe somehow, said K. Christopher Beard, a paleontologist and distinguished professor at the University of Kansas and one of the studys co-authors. What was unknown was: How did they do it? What route did they take? Beard and his colleagues used fossils found in Turkey and elsewhere on the Balkan Peninsula, which encompasses what remains of the lost continent, to trace the movements of ancient animals across the region. Read the full story on 
20220225_160119_nzl_C000802_A000012	www.nzherald.co.nz	https://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/russia-invades-ukraine-russian-troops-enter-kharkiv-australia-vows-lethal-aid-oil-depot-gas-pipeline-targeted/T4YARLWLQZLZ57TAVZKTLGKAZQ/	NZL	Civilians brace for air raids as Russian troops push closer to Ukraines capital. Video / APRUSSIAN-UKRAINE KEY POINTS• Ukraine capital Kyiv still under control of resident army• Russian troops enter Kharkiv, Ukraines second-largest city• Ukrainian President refuses to leave despite US urging him to evacuate• US and EU agree to send weapons to help Ukraine• Australia pledges lethal aid• Allies agree to cut Russia off Swift, heavier sanctions in the worksUkrainian forces put up fierce resistance to slow the advance of the larger and more powerful Russian military closing in on the capital, as the US and EU rushed ammunition and weapons to Kyiv and announced powerful new financial sanctions aimed at further isolating Moscow.Huge explosions lit up the predawn sky south of Kyiv. The blasts were near the Zhuliany airport, and the mayor of Vasylkiv, about 40km south of the capital, said an oil depot was hit.Russian forces entered Ukraines second-largest city of Kharkiv, with footage showing fighting in the streets as residents defended their city. The presidents office also said Russian forces blew up a gas pipeline near Kharkiv. The government warned that smoke from the huge explosion could cause an environmental catastrophe. Ukraines leader, meanwhile, vowed to continue fighting the Russian assault as he appealed for more outside help.The real fighting for Kyiv is ongoing, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in a video message in which he accused Russia of hitting infrastructure and civilian targets.We will win, he said.Ukrainian officials reject peace talk offer from KremlinUkraines president says his country is ready for peace talks with Russia but not in Belarus, which was a staging ground for Moscows four-day-old invasion.Speaking in a video message Sunday, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy named Warsaw, Bratislava, Istanbul, Budapest or Baku as alternative venues. He said other locations are also possible but made clear that Ukraine doesnt accept Russias selection of Belarus.The Kremlin said on Sunday that a Russian delegation had arrived in the Belarusian city of Homel for talks with Ukrainian officials. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the delegation includes military officials and diplomats.The Russian delegation is ready for talks, and we are now waiting for the Ukrainians, Peskov said.Fighting in the streets as Russian troops enter KharkivUkrainian authorities say that Russian troops have entered Ukraines second-largest city of Kharkiv and fighting is underway in the streets.The advance has reportedly been met with fierce resistance.Oleh Sinehubov, the head of the Kharkiv regional administration, said on Sunday that Ukrainian forces were fighting Russian troops in the city and asked civilians not to leave their homes. Sinehubov said that light military vehicles had broke into the city while heavy fighting took place inside the city, in a Facebook announcement.Russian troops approached Kharkiv, which is located about 20km south of the border with Russia, shortly after Moscow launched its invasion of Ukraine on Thursday. But until Sunday, they remained on its outskirts without trying to enter the city while other forces rolled past, pressing their offensive deeper into Ukraine.Footage from social and Ukrainian media shows images of military trucks driving through the city early Sunday.In one video Russian troops accompanied by military vehicles walk through a suburb of the city before being fired upon.Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to Ukraines interior minister, posted on Telegram that there was fighting in the centre of the city and in the area of the Hydropark.A group of special forces of the Russian Federation has just burst into the city through Alekseevka. On the street, Gerashchenko said. Ukrainians wake on fourth day of invasionUkrainians woke to the fourth day since Russia invaded their country - with words of defiance dominating social media.Kyiv is under control of Ukrainian military and territorial defence forces, The Kyiv Independent tweeted.Mykola Povoroznyk, first deputy head of Kyiv City State Administration, said there were a few clashes with saboteurs overnight, the media site reported. Defence reporter at The Kyiv Independent said: Its another morning in Ukraine and Russia still cant advance in Kyiv.Even when we are attacked and everything around us is burning, we continue to work, Ukraines armed forces tweeted early on Sunday. Saturday Night Live tributeUS late-night live TV show Saturday Night Live has made a tribute to Ukraine by beginning the programme with a song from the Ukrainian Chorus Dumka of New York.Cast members Kate McKinnon and Cecily Strong introduced viewers to the choir who sang Prayer for Ukraine. Australias vow to help UkraineAustralian PM Scott Morrison has left the door open to providing lethal aid to Ukraine to assist in its fight against Russia.Morrison attended a church service at St Andrews Ukrainian Catholic church in Lidcombe in Sydney on Sunday.He told reporters after the service Australia will be providing the support through its Nato partners.Ive just spoken to the Defence Minister and well be seeking to provide whatever support we can for lethal aid through our NATO partners, particularly the US and the UK, he said.Well be working through those channels because thats the most effective way to do it.Royals issue rare political statement, showing their support for Ukraine and its leader.The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge stated that they stand with the people of the war-torn nation, as they bravely fight for their future.The couple went on to recall the privilege of meeting President Zelensky and his wife Olena Zelenska, when they came to visit London in 2020.In the personal tweet signed by the couple, they shared: In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraines future.Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraines people as they bravely fight for that future. Ukraine contractors removing road signsA Ukrainian road maintenance company said it was removing all road signs that could be used by invading Russian forces to find their way around the country.The company, Ukravtodor, said in a Facebook update: The enemy has poor communications, they cannot navigate the terrain. Let us help them get straight to hell. It posted an edited photo of a standard road sign in which directions to nearby cities have been replaced with profanities that could be translated as Go f*** yourself, Go f*** yourself again and Go f*** yourself back in Russia.New Zealand offers to take Ukrainian refugeesNew Zealand will work with the United Nations if there is a need to take in Ukrainian refugees.Deputy Prime Minister Grant Robertson told Newstalk ZB the Russian attack is unjustified and the Government detests it wholeheartedly.He said initially countries geographically close to Ukraine will meet any refugee uptake.Former Prime Minister Helen Clark told Newstalk ZB a number of Russias banks are being locked out of the SWIFT interbank payments system.A quick check shows that when Iran was excluded from the SWIFT financial transaction system, it lost 30 per cent of its foreign trade, she said.Russian troops blew up an oil pipeline near Kyiv. Photo / TwitterAt some point, particularly if they go further, youll start to get very, very nervous business oligarchs in Russia. President Putin keeps very close to the oligarchs. The fact that youre an oligarch and can operate your business means you havent offended him and youre not in jail. Some do end up in jail for speaking out against him.So, in a funny way it may be more the crippling effect of sanctions that has an impact than the West sending small arms.These people are unbreakable: Crowds of civilians gather to make molotov cocktails Snake Island defenders may still be alive - Ukraine govt saysThe State Border Guard Service of Ukraine says the 13 soldiers who were declared dead on Snake Island may still be alive.The attack on the island made headlines two days ago when a Russian warship asked them to surrender, only for the defenders to respond with: Russian warship, go f*** yourself.The 13 border guards were reported dead but, in a statement today, the State Border Guard Service says it is possible that they are still alive on the island.We [have a] strong belief that all Ukrainian defenders of Zmiinyi (Snake) Island may be alive, they said.After receiving information about their possible location, the DPSU together with the Armed Forces of Ukraine are conducting work on identifying our soldiers.Read more: Ukraine sets up hotline for relatives of Russian soldiersIn a move that has been described as both compassionate and incredibly smart, Ukraine has set up a hotline so that Russian families can check on their soldiers fighting in Russia.According to the Kyiv Independent, the hotline, named Come back alive from Ukraine, was set up yesterday, February 26, and has already received hundreds of calls from relatives of Russian soldiers looking for their loved ones. <U+041E><U+0427><U+0415><U+041D><U+042C> <U+0412><U+0410><U+0416><U+041D><U+041E>! <U+041C><U+0410><U+041A><U+0421><U+0418><U+041C><U+0410><U+041B><U+042C><U+041D><U+041E><U+0415> <U+0420><U+0410><U+0421><U+041F><U+0420><U+041E><U+0421><U+0422><U+0420><U+0410><U+041D><U+0415><U+041D><U+0418><U+0415> <U+0412> <U+0420><U+0424>! <U+0421><U+0435><U+0433><U+043E><U+0434><U+043D><U+044F> <U+0431><U+043B><U+0438><U+0436><U+0435> <U+043A> <U+0432><U+0435><U+0447><U+0435><U+0440><U+0443> <U+0432> <U+041C><U+0438><U+043D><U+0438><U+0441><U+0442><U+0435><U+0440><U+0441><U+0442><U+0432><U+0435> <U+043E><U+0431><U+043E><U+0440><U+043E><U+043D><U+044B> <U+043E><U+0442><U+043A><U+0440><U+043E><U+0435><U+0442><U+0441><U+044F> «<U+0433><U+043E><U+0440><U+044F><U+0447><U+0430><U+044F>»...Posted by on Russian troops blow up gas pipelineThe Kyiv Independent reports that Russian troops have blown up a gas pipeline in Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.Footage posted online shows a massive explosion in the sky over the city. Sky TV drops Russian news channelSky TV says it has dropped Russia Today (RT), a Russian government-funded 24-hour news channel.The move followed a number of viewer complaints, Sky corporate affairs chief Chris Major said.Mum and sons emotional reunion at the borderFootage showing a Ukrainian mother crying as she hugs her son and the stranger who reunited her with her kids across the border in Hungary is doing the rounds online. The womans husband reportedly had to stay behind in Ukraine to fight the Russian troops. Oil depot on fire south of Kyiv, battle for the capital intensifiesAn oil depot has reportedly been set on fire in Vasylkiv, 40 kilometres south of Kyiv. The structure was reportedly hit by a ballistic missile. According to Vasylkiv mayor Natalia Balasynovych, the city and the airfield sustained heavy shelling from ballistic missiles.The enemy wants to destroy everything around, but he will not succeed. Hold on, she said, quoted by the Kyiv Independent. New Zealanders protest against the Ukraine war in AucklandPeople gathered this morning in Aotea Square, Auckland, to protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine and call on Putin to stop the war.Anti-war protesters in Auckland. Photo / Alex BurtonPeople gathered at Aotea Square in Auckland this morning to protest against the war in Ukraine. Photo / Alex Burton Elon Musk responds to Ukraine requestElon Musk says the Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. This means Ukrainian people can access satellite internet and makes it harder for Russia to disconnect Ukraine from the world. Act now, in one hour it is too late - Boxing legend Wladimir Klitschko to the worldBoxing legend Wladimir Klitschko has sent a message to the whole world asking people to act now to stop the war, before it becomes a humanitarian catastrophe. His brother Vitali Klitschko is the mayor of Kyiv, where people are expecting an imminent Russian assault.Ukrainians asked to turn off geolocation on their phonesThe Russian military is reportedly using geolocation to find gatherings of people in the Ukraine. Civilians are being told to turn geolocation off on their phones. Western allies agree to cut selected Russian banks off SwiftHuge news coming in that western allies have agreed to cut selected Russian banks off Swift (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication).This has been a request made by the Ukrainian government multiple times that had, until now, gone unanswered.The BBC reports that the EU, France, Germany, Italy, the UK, Canada, and the US have just released a co-ordinated statement condemning the Russian invasion.As Russian forces unleash their assault on Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities, we are resolved to continue imposing costs on Russia that will further isolate Russia from the international financial system and our economies, the statement reads.Measures to be implemented in the coming days include removing selected Russian banks from the Swift messaging system. This will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally.Swift is the main global secure messaging system that banks use to make rapid and secure payments across borders, allowing international trade to flow smoothly. Germany to close airspace to Russian planesGermany officials said Saturday that the country is preparing to close its airspace to Russian planes.Transport Minister Volker Wissing backs such a measure and has ordered all preparations for this to be undertaken, his ministry said on Twitter.Hours earlier, a German-registered DHL cargo plane made a sharp turn back out of Russian airspace, according to air traffic monitoring website FlightAware.com.Kyiv braces for heavy air raidKyiv is expected to be hit by a heavy air raid shortly.Its 11.40pm and Ukrainians are going into the third night at war and about to endure the strongest attack to their capital. People in Kyiv are urged to seek shelter. Wellington shows supportThe Michael Fowler Centre building in Wellington will tonight be lit up in support of Ukraine. Football fields in the UK and Europe were the set of anti-war protests and shows of support for Ukraine today Speaking of football, Chelseas Russian owner amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine.Russian troops strike childrens cancer hospitalHorrific news that Russian artillery fire has struck the childrens cancer hospital Okhmadyt, in Kyiv.Reports state one child has died and two have been wounded, as well as two adults. Map shows extent of Russian gains in Ukraine so farZelenskyy asks UN to strip Russia of its security council voteThe Ukrainian president has asked the United Nations to strip Russia of its security council vote, as punishment for invading Ukraine.To deprive the aggressor country of the right to vote in the UN Security Council, to qualify Russian actions and statements as genocide of the Ukrainian people, to help with the delivery of corpses of Russian soldiers. Talked about it in a conversation with UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, he posted.Russian TV hacked to play Ukraine national anthem - reportsA hack has left Russian TV channels broadcasting the Ukrainian national anthem, according to online reports.This is one of several instances of hacking targetting Russia, including more serious ones on banking and government websites. Ukraine calls on Elon Musk for helpUkraines Minister for Digital Transformation, Mykhailo Fedorov, has asked Elon Musk to help the country in its war against Russia.@elonmusk, while you try to colonize Mars — Russia try to occupy Ukraine! While your rockets successfully land from space — Russian rockets attack Ukrainian civil people! We ask you to provide Ukraine with Starlink stations and to address sane Russians to stand, he wrote on Twitter. Brewery switches production to make molotov cocktailsPravda brewery, in the Ukrainian city of Lviv, has switched to making Molotov cocktails.According to The Kyiv Independent, the brewery announced the plans after Ukraines Defence Ministry instructed civilians to make Molotov cocktails to resist invading Russian forces.Anti-war protests continue around the worldIncredible scenes below from Georgia where thousands protest the war in Ukraine. Germany to supply Ukraine with anti-tank weapons and stinger missilesIn what is considered a major shift in German policy, the country has agreed to supply Ukraine with 1000 anti-tank weapons and 500 stinger missiles, to help the country in its battle against Russias invasion. The weapons, which will come from the Bundeswehrs own stocks, will be delivered as quickly as possible to Ukraine, the German government said in a statement.All rail links to Russia destroyedAfter another intense day of fighting in Ukraine, all rail links between the country and Russia have been destroyed.According to the state rail service, Ukraine armed forces blew up all railway tracks from Russia to Ukraine.Meanwhile, in Kyiv, intense gunfire continues to echo across the capital. Earlier updates continue below:Central Kyiv appeared quiet on Saturday, though sporadic gunfire could be heard. And fighting on the citys outskirts suggested that small Russian units were trying to clear a path for the main forces. Britain and the US said the bulk of Russian forces were 30km from the centre of the city.As Russian troops pressed their offensive with small groups of troops reported inside Kyiv, the citys mayor, Vitali Klitschko, extended an overnight curfew to run from 5pm on Saturday until 8am on Monday, saying any civilians out past curfew will be considered members of the enemys sabotage and reconnaissance groups.Russia claims its assault on Ukraine is aimed only at military targets, but bridges, schools and residential neighbourhoods have been hit since the invasion began on Thursday with air and missile strikes and Russian troops entering Ukraine from the north, east and south. Ukraines health minister reported Saturday that 198 people, including three children, had been killed and more than 1,000 others had been wounded during Europes largest land war since World War II. It was unclear whether those figures included both military and civilian casualties.In Kyiv, a missile struck a high-rise apartment building in the southwestern outskirts near one of the citys two passenger airports, leaving a jagged hole of ravaged apartments over several floors. A rescue worker said six civilians were injured.The conflict has driven thousands of Ukrainians from their homes in search of safety. UN officials said more than 120,000 Ukrainians had left the country for Poland, Moldova and other neighbouring nations.Russian President Vladimir Putin sent troops into Ukraine after he spent weeks denying thats what he intended, all the while building up a force of almost 200,000 troops along the countries borders. He claims the West has failed to take seriously Russias security concerns about Nato, the Western military alliance that Ukraine aspires to join. But he has also expressed scorn about Ukraines right to exist as an independent state.A child drawing in a bomb shelter in Kyiv. Photo / APPutin has not disclosed his ultimate plans for Ukraine but Western officials believe he is determined to overthrow Ukraines government and replace it with a regime of his own, redrawing the map of Europe and reviving Moscows Cold War-era influence.It was unclear in the fog of war how much territory Russian forces have seized. Britains Ministry of Defence said the speed of the Russian advance has temporarily slowed likely as a result of acute logistical difficulties and strong Ukrainian resistance.A senior US defence official said Saturday that more than half of the Russian combat power that was massed along Ukraines borders had entered Ukraine, and that Russia has had to commit more fuel supply and other support units inside Ukraine than originally anticipated. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal US assessments, did not provide further details.Ukraines Infrastructure Ministry said a Russian missile was shot down before dawn Saturday as it headed for the dam of the sprawling water reservoir that serves Kyiv, and Ukraine said a Russian military convoy was destroyed near the city early Saturday. Footage showed soldiers inspecting burned-out vehicles after Ukraines 101st brigade reported destroying a column of two light vehicles, two trucks and a tank. The claim could not be verified.Ukrainian soldiers take positions outside a military facility as two cars burn in a street in Kyiv, Ukraine. Photo / APHighways into Kyiv from the east were dotted with checkpoints manned by uniformed Ukrainian troops and young men in civilian clothes carrying automatic rifles. Low-flying planes patrolled the skies, though it was unclear if they were Russian or Ukrainian.In addition to Kyiv, the Russian assault appeared to focus on Ukraines coastline, which stretches from near the Black Sea port of Odesa in the west to beyond the Azov Sea port of Mariupol in the east.If the Russian troops succeed, Ukraine would be cut off from access to all of its seaports, which are vital for its economy. In Mariupol, Ukrainian soldiers guarded bridges and blocked people from the shoreline amid concerns the Russian navy could launch an assault from the sea.Fighting also raged in two territories in eastern Ukraine that are controlled by pro-Russian separatists. Authorities in the city of Donetsk said hot water supplies to the city of about 900,000 were suspended because of damage to the system by Ukrainian shelling.The US government urged Zelenskyy early Saturday to evacuate Kyiv but he turned down the offer, according to a senior American intelligence official with direct knowledge of the conversation. Zelenskyy issued a defiant video recorded on a downtown Kyiv street early Saturday, saying he remained in the city. We arent going to lay down weapons. We will protect the country, the Ukrainian president said. Our weapon is our truth, and our truth is that its our land, our country, our children. And we will defend all of that.Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians have been on the move, seeking safety in the west of the country or beyond. The UN estimates that up to 4 million could flee if the fighting escalates.Refugees arriving in the Hungarian border town of Zahony said men between 18 and 60 were not being allowed to leave Ukraine.My son was not allowed to come. My heart is so sore, Im shaking, said Vilma Sugar, 68.Hungary and Poland both opened their borders to Ukrainians. At Polands Medyka crossing, some said they had walked for 15km to reach the border.They didnt have food, no tea, they were standing in the middle of a field, on the road, kids were freezing, said Iryna Wiklenko as she waited on the Polish side for her grandchildren and her daughter-in-law to make it across.Officials in Kyiv urged residents to seek shelter, to stay away from windows and to take precautions to avoid flying debris or bullets. Many spent Friday night in basements, underground parking garages and subway stations, and prepared to do the same on Saturday.Shelves wore thin at some Kyiv grocery stores and pharmacies, and some worried how long stockpiles of food and medicine might last.The United States and other Nato allies have sent weapons and other aid to Ukraine and beefed up their troops on Natos eastern flank, but ruled out deploying troops to fight Russia.People run to take cover in bomb shelters in Kyiv. Photo / APInstead, the US, the European Union and other countries have slapped wide-ranging sanctions on Russia, freezing the assets of Russian businesses and individuals including Putin and his foreign minister.Zelenskyy appealed for tougher sanctions, urging holdout countries in Europe to agree to cut Russia out of the SWIFT international payments system.A senior Russian official on Saturday shrugged off the sanctions as a reflection of Western political impotence.Dmitry Medvedev, the deputy head of Russias Security Council, warned that Moscow could react to the sanctions by opting out of the last remaining nuclear arms pact, freezing Western assets and cutting diplomatic ties with nations in the West.There is no particular need in maintaining diplomatic relations, Medvedev said. We may look at each other in binoculars and gunsights.Diplomatic efforts to end the bloodshed appeared to have faltered. Zelenskyy offered Friday to negotiate a key Russian demand: that Ukraine declare itself neutral and abandon its ambition of joining Nato.The Kremlin said it accepted Kyivs offer to hold talks, but it appeared to be an effort to squeeze concessions out of the embattled Zelenskyy instead of a gesture toward a diplomatic solution.- Additional reporting by AP 
20220225_160119_ken_C000806_A000034	www.nbcmiami.com	https://www.nbcmiami.com/news/national-international/millions-of-years-of-animal-migration-hold-clues-to-the-mystery-of-lost-continent/2701026/	KEN	A lost continent that once connected Asia to southern Europe may have formed an ancient passageway that helped animals migrate west, leading to a sudden and widespread extinction event around 34 million years ago, according to new research. In a study published in the March 2022 edition of the , scientists described a forgotten continent that was once sandwiched between Europe, Asia and Africa. This low-lying landmass, which they dubbed Balkanatolia, enabled mammals from Asia to cross into Europe, triggering the extinction of native European fauna in an event known as the Grande Coupure, which fundamentally altered the regions biodiversity. The research helps fill in a long-standing mystery of how distinctly Asian mammals — ranging from ancient relatives of the rhinoceros to rodents and hoofed animals that were distant — wound up colonizing another continent. People have basically known for decades that Asian mammals invaded Europe somehow, said K. Christopher Beard, a paleontologist and distinguished professor at the University of Kansas and one of the studys co-authors. What was unknown was: How did they do it? What route did they take? Beard and his colleagues used fossils found in Turkey and elsewhere on the Balkan Peninsula, which encompasses what remains of the lost continent, to trace the movements of ancient animals across the region. Read the full story on 
20220225_160119_zaf_C000818_A000028	www.sarugbymag.co.za	https://www.sarugbymag.co.za/stormers-ambushed-by-scottish-ref/	ZAF	Stormers head coach John Dobson and captain Steven Kitshoff both admitted after the loss to Connacht in Galway that the officiating during the match differed markedly from what they were used to in the local South African derbies. Just as it was when the South African teams started the Vodacom United Rugby Championship with overseas fixtures, the difference between northern and southern hemisphere refereeing was thrust into the spotlight on Saturday. During the URC clash against Connacht, the Stormers found themselves on the wrong end of Scottish referee Ben Blain’s whistle. The Stormers conceded eight penalties compared to Connacht’s four and had Sergeal Petersen and Ruhan Nel yellow-carded in the second half. In the SuperSport studios, former Springbok coach Nick Mallett hit out at Blain’s handling of the match, while former Bok prop Rob Kempson was also critical of the general standard of refereeing. Speaking during the post-match press conference, Dobson avoided criticising Blain directly, but said he felt his side struggled to adapt to the difference in interpretation of the laws, especially when it came to the maul and scrum. “It felt like that last tour when we were here and adapting to a slightly different realm, especially around the scrum and the maul,” Dobson said. “The penalty count was a concern, and we’ll have to have a look at it. “The jump from local derbies to a northern hemisphere game up here was always going to require a certain level of adaptation, and maybe we weren’t fast enough or sharp enough there. “Cross-playing will help. When they come down to us (European teams to SA), we can try to get these styles to match up. “I think you would all agree that what we saw over the local derbies, especially at scrum and maul time, wasn’t what we saw today in terms of teams getting rewarded or penalised or how you can defend mauls. “I think the more we play each other, the more we’ll get some form of uniformity. I don’t want to say much more than that, but you can sense it was a source of frustration for us.” Stormers skipper Kitshoff shared his coach’s frustrations as he felt they could have got more reward for their dominance in the mauls. “The mauling was very frustrating,” Kitshoff said. “I felt we had complete dominance when it came to maul time, and we didn’t get any reward out of it. “There were some cynical penalties that were missed. I’m not bad-mouthing the ref at all, but there were clear penalties missed, and it was very frustrating. “We’ll have a look at what went wrong and then discuss it with the refs prior to the games, but it was very frustrating not to get more reward out of those amazing maul metre we made.” VIDEO Photo: Diarmuid Greene/Sportsfile via Getty Images 
20220227_144857_lva_C000000_A000013	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/international-business/elon-musk-activates-starlink-internet-service-in-ukraine/articleshow/89869830.cms	LVA	WASHINGTON: Elon said Saturday his company SpaceXs Starlink satellite broadband service had been activated in , after a Kyiv official urged the tech titan to provide his embattled country with stations. Starlink service is now active in Ukraine, Musk tweeted, adding more terminals en route. The tweet came some 10 hours after Ukrainian Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov urged Musk to provide Starlink services to Ukraine, days after it was invaded by neighboring . While you try to colonize -- Russia try to occupy Ukraine! While your rockets successfully land from space -- Russian rockets attack Ukrainian civil people! We ask you to provide Ukraine with Starlink stations, Fedorov tweeted at Musk. He also called on the billionaire to address sane Russians to stand against their governments invasion. Internet monitor said Ukraine has seen a series of significant disruptions to internet service since Thursday, when Russia launched military operations in the country. Starlink operates a constellation of more than 2,000 satellites that aim to provide internet access across the planet. The company on Friday launched a further 50 Starlink satellites and many more are slated to be put into s orbit. 
20220227_144857_idn_C000001_A000004	www.businessinsider.com	https://www.businessinsider.com/defiant-ukrainian-civilians-kneel-in-front-of-russian-tanks-block-roads-2022-2	IDN	Videos on social media show Ukrainian citizens stopping Russian tanks by creating roadblocks. Others are seen trying to stop tanks with their bodyweight alone. Ukrainians en masse have joined the opposition to the Russian invasion in any way they can. Loading Something is loading. Ukrainian citizens are using passive resistance to confront the Russian invasion, kneeling in front of tanks and blocking roads. A video on social media, shared by sourced from the Ukrainian armed forces, shows a Ukrainian man trying to push a Russian tank away with his bodyweight alone in Bakhmach in northern Ukraine.When he fails, he falls to his knees in a final bid to stop the tank. VIDEO A solitary senior confronted the invaders in Melitopol, southern Ukraine, occupied by Russian troops on Friday night. In a clip that went viral across social media, he asks, Another episode shows a Other clips on social media show entire groups of civilians gathering in the path of Russian tanks and armored vehicles to block their advance. A video posted by the Ukrainian MP, Lesia Vasylenko, reprotedly shows scores of Ukrainians in Ichnya, Chernihiv, forming a moving human roadblock. Ukrainian citizens have been a crucial part of fighting against the Russian military, with the Ukrainian Armed Forces that All those ready to take up arms, join the ranks of the area defense forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine., on Friday afternoon, 18,000 rifles had been given to civilian defense forces on the streets of Kyiv to arm them to fight. Residents attend an open training organised for civilians by war veterans and volunteers who teach the basic weapons handling and first aid on one of Kyivs city beaches Genya Savilov/AFP via Getty Images Ukraine is also setting up to join the fight against Russia., Zelensky said: Every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country, please come over. We will give you weapons. Everyone who is defending Ukraine is a hero. 
20220227_144857_idn_C000001_A000008	en.antaranews.com	https://en.antaranews.com/news/217441/a-field-kitchen-truck-deployed-to-help-pasamans-earthquake-victims	IDN	We hope that the aid provided by us and the resort polices can ease the burden of the refugees. Padang, W Sumatra (ANTARA) - The West Sumatra polices Mobile Brigade Unit has deployed a field kitchen truck to disburse food and drinks to residents displaced by the 6.1-magnitude (M) earthquake at several evacuation sites. In addition to the field kitchen vehicle, the police also dispatched a water treatment car to help those in need, West Sumatra Police Spokesperson Senior Commissioner Satake Bayu Setianto said here on Sunday. “The vehicles have arrived in West Pasaman District soon after the earthquake hit on February 25, 2022, he stated. The field kitchen truck helps provide the earthquake survivors with cooked meals, such as fried rice. “The refugees can directly take the meal assistance at the public kitchen post. Later, the officers will also deliver the cooked meal packages to temporary shelters which are far away from the post, he said. Meanwhile, the water treatment car is deployed to provide quality drinking water for those in need. Earlier, the regional police had also sent four trucks bringing a number of relief aid packages for the earthquake survivors in West Pasaman District and Pasaman District, West Sumatra Province. Related news: We hope that the aid provided by us and the resort police precincts can help ease the burden of the refugees, West Sumatra Police Chief Inspector General Teddy Minahasa Putra said. The aid packages distributed to locals consist of basic necessities, blankets, clothes, and instant food, he said. The regional police had also established four emergency posts at the West Pasaman police precinct, West Pasaman Regional Hospital, West Pasaman Ibnu Sina Hospital, as well as Kajai Village community health center. Along with their counterparts from local military as well as disaster mitigation agency, they also help evacuate the residents, he said. As of February 27, 2022, at 03:45 p.m. Western Indonesian Standard Time (WIB), the West Pasaman Regional Disaster Mitigation Agency (BPBD) recorded that about 10,700 residents were displaced due to the earthquake. Related news: 
20220227_144857_idn_C000001_A000022	gwusports.com	https://gwusports.com/news/2022/2/26/mens-basketball-gardner-webb-secures-no-3-seed-first-round-bye-for-hercules-tires-big-south-conference-mens-basketball-championship	IDN	CHARLOTTE, N.C. – After capping off its conference slate at 11-5 and tying for the most wins in program history as a member of the Big South, the league office officially announced on Saturday evening that Gardner-Webb has captured the No. 3 seed and a first-round bye into the quarterfinals for next weeks 2022 Hercules Tires Big South Conference Mens Basketball Championship at Bojangles Coliseum in Charlotte, N.C. With the first-round bye in place, Gardner-Webb will wait to learn its opponent, the winner of the first-round game between Campbell and Presbyterian on Wednesday, March 2 at 8 p.m. The winner of the Campbell and Presbyterian game will advance to face the Runnin Bulldogs on Friday night inside Bojangles Coliseum with tipoff slated for 8 p.m. on ESPN+. North Division Champion Longwood (15-1) is the No. 1 seed –- its first No. 1 seed in the Big South Tournament since becoming league members in 2012-13, and has secured the Big Souths automatic bid to the NIT should the Lancers not win the tournament. South Division Champion Winthrop (14-2) is the No. 2 seed and enters the tournament as the two-time defending conference champion. With GWU securing the No. 3 seed, the Dogs are followed by USC Upstate (10-6) who locked in the No. 4 seed and the final first round bye. Upstate earned its highest tournament seeding since joining the league four seasons ago. Seeds 5-12 will open the tournament in the first round on Wednesday, March 2. UNC Asheville and Campbell finished 8-8 in Big South games this season, and the Bulldogs claimed the No. 5 seed based on its head-to-head victory over the 6th-seeded Camels. High Point and Radford tied with 7-9 Big South records, and since the teams split the season series, HPUs victory over No. 2 Winthrop gave the Panthers the No. 7 seed, with the Highlanders landing at No. 8. North Carolina A&T (6-10) captured the No. 9 seed, followed by Hampton (5-11) receiving the No. 10 seed. Presbyterian (4-12) is the No. 11 seed, with Charleston Southern (1-15) rounding out the seedings at No. 12. First round action begins Wednesday morning, March 2 at 11:30am with No. 8 Radford vs. No. 9 North Carolina A&T, followed by No. 5 UNC Asheville vs. No. 12 Charleston Southern at 2:00pm. No. 7 High Point meets No. 10 Hampton at 6:00pm, with No. 6 Campbell vs. No. 11 Presbyterian concluding the day at 8:00pm. The winners of each first round contest advance to Fridays quarterfinal round, which begin at 12:00pm with No. 1 Longwood facing the winner of Radford/North Carolina A&T, followed by No. 4 USC Upstate playing the winner of UNC Asheville/Charleston Southern at 2:00pm. The 6:00pm game will feature No. 2 Winthrop vs. the winner of High Point/Hampton, with No. 3 Gardner-Webb against the winner of Campbell/Presbyterian at 8:00pm. The semifinals will be Saturday, March 5 at 12:00pm and 2:00pm, with the Championship game on Sunday, March 6 scheduled for 12:00pm. The 2022 Hercules Tires Big South Mens Basketball Championship will be televised on ESPN+ Tuesday-through-Saturday, while Sundays Championship game will air live on ESPN2 and Westwood One Sports. The Big Souths Tournament champion receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Mens Basketball Tournament. . First Round – Wednesday, March 2 – ESPN+ Game 1: (8) Radford vs. (9) North Carolina A&T, 11:30am (Education Day) Game 2: (5) UNC Asheville vs. (12) Charleston Southern, 2:00pm Game 3: (7) High Point vs. (10) Hampton, 6:00pm Game 4: (6) Campbell vs. (11) Presbyterian, 8:00pm Quarterfinals – Friday, March 4 – ESPN+ Game 5: (1) Longwood vs. 8/9 winner, 12:00pm Game 6: (4) USC Upstate vs. 5/12 winner, 2:00pm Game 7: (2) Winthrop vs 7/10 Winner, 6:00pm Game 8: (3) Gardner-Webb vs. 6/11 Winner, 8:00pm Semifinals - Saturday, March 5 – ESPN+ Game 9: Semifinals – Game 5 winner vs. Game 6 winner, 12:00pm Game 10: Semifinals – Game 7 winner vs. Game 8 winner, 2:00pm Championship - Sunday, March 6 – ESPN2 Game 11: Championship – Game 9 winner vs. Game 10 winner, 12:00pm 
20220227_144857_ind_C000002_A000011	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/world/ukraine-russia-war-putin-zelenskyy-kyiv-invasion-indian-students-live-updates-7792696/	IND	People attend an anti-war protest outside the Russian Embassy in Bogota, Colombia, on Saturday. (Photo: Reuters) Students stuck at Poland border, India looks at Budapest route With hundreds of Indian students stranded in freezing temperatures at the Ukraine-Poland border, the government on Sunday said it has identified an alternative train route from Uzhhorod, a city in western Ukraine, to the Hungarian capital of Budapest. Acknowledging that evacuation of Indians through the Poland border has emerged as a “problem area” — with lakhs of people, including citizens of Ukraine and other foreign nationals, having chosen that route to safety — Foreign Secretary Harsh Vardhan Shringla said, “It’s not an organised situation, it’s a conflict zone. Many of our people have been there for a long time and they are in a very difficult situation. We fully empathise with them and we have been working round the clock to see what options we can provide. One of the options in the event we cannot make much progress into Poland, we come down to Uzhhorod and from there every two hours there is a train which leaves for Budapest, Hungary… This is an option we are recommending to our people.” Europe, Canada close their airspace to Russian airplanes Europe and Canada said they would close their airspace to Russian airlines after Russias invasion of Ukraine, raising the pressure on the United States to do the same. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on Sunday said the European Union would shut down its airspace for planes owned, registered or controlled by Russians, including the private jets of oligarchs. Meanwhile, Canadas transport minister, Omar Alghabra, said his nation was closing its airspace to all Russian planes to hold the country accountable for an unprovoked attack on its neighbour. The European Union action came after many of its member countries had said they were barring Russian planes or planned to do so by Sunday night. 
20220227_144857_ind_C000002_A000023	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/web-series/twitter-is-shook-by-that-climax-twist-of-madhuri-dixit-starrer-the-fame-game-still-recovering-from-it-101645957173626.html	IND	-starrer web series The Fame Game premiered on Netflix on Friday. In the two days since, countless have binge watched the eight-episode series and many are quite surprised by the shocking twist in the shows final episode. The Fame Game is a thriller about the disappearance of a Bollywood superstar Anamika Anand (Madhuri). It tells the story of how the secret layers around her life are revealed as the investigation around the disappearance progresses. (Also read: )Fans and critics both said that while the real identity of who was truly behind Anamikas disappearance became clear a few episodes into the show, they were still taken aback by the sudden twist in the final episode.Spoilers for The Fame Game follow.By the fifth or sixth episode, most viewers said they could deduce who was the mastermind behind Anamikas disappearance. But the show turned that theory on its head by having the accomplice turn on the mastermind in the final moments of the show, leaving the viewers quite ‘shook’. The main plot for obvious reasons might be predictable halfway but its the climax twist that stuns you away, tweeted one viewer. Reactions to The Fame Game on Twitter. Reactions to The Fame Game on Twitter. Many others also took to Twitter to express their admiration for the shows twists and turns and the writing of the climax sequence. The twist!!! I wasn’t ready #thefamegame, read one tweet. Calling it mind-boggling, a viewer wrote, Binge watched the entire #TheFameGame last night and I’m still recovering from it. It was so good but equally mind boggling! Some even called the twist better than the much-talked-about twist from Gehraiyaan, which released two weeks ago. Film analyst Joginer Tuteja tweeted, Just when you thought that the twist in #Gehraiyaan was shocking, another @karanjohar production, #TheFameGame, brings on a twist which is totally surprising. Fans were also in awe of Madhuris performance at the betrayal in the climax scene with many saying they felt pulled to help the character. What a twist at the end. Wow!!. Wanted to jump in and break the shutters, tweeted one fan, referring to Anamikas futile attempts at escape in the final episode. Another tweeted, My GOD the climax literally gave goosebumps, brilliant performance by #MadhuriDixit.The twist leaves Anamika once again at the mercy of her abductor. With the story ending on a cliffhanger after seemingly reaching a logical conclusion, many viewers felt a second season was a certainty now. That last twist in the story...ufff Loved it. Now I cant wait to watch the next season, tweeted one fan. OMFG what twist!! cant wait for season 2, echoed another. Many viewers, who havent yet finished watching the show, were peeved at the spoilers being thrown around on social media. “If I see one more #FameGame spoiler, I’m choosing violence,” tweeted one angry viewer. Even the shows production house Dharmatic urged bingewatchers not to spoil the show for others. In an interaction with Hindustan Times before the shows release, Madhuri had talked about what differentiates from other thrillers. This show has the family and interpersonal relationships. Mysteries and murder mysteries are there but not something that takes you behind the curtains of whats happening. This shows you the dark side of the fame and how everyone in the family is not who they say they are. That is its USP, she told us.Also read: The Fame Game is Madhuris OTT debut. The series, created by Sri Rao, began streaming on Netlfix on February 25. It also stars Sanjay Kapoor, Manav Kaul, Muskkaan Rao, and Lakshvir Saran, and has been directed by Bejoy Nambiar and Karishma Kohli. The series has received largely positive reviews with particular praise for Madhuris performance. 
20220227_144857_ind_C000002_A000024	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/deepika-padukone-says-she-was-told-to-get-breast-implants-at-18-years-old-is-glad-she-didn-t-take-it-seriously-101645955495855.html	IND	Actor has been receiving appreciation for her role in Shakun Batra directorial . Now in a candid conversation, Deepika has revealed the best and the worst advices that she received from people. Recalling the worst one, she said that someone recommended her to get breast implants when she was 18-years-old. Read More: Apart from Deepika, Gehraiyaan also stars Siddhant Chaturvedi, Ananya Panday and Dhairya Karwa in the lead along with Naseeruddin Shah and Rajat Kapur in pivotal roles. The film is jointly produced by Dharma Productions, Viacom18 and Shakun Batras Jouska Films. The Amazon Original movie released on February 11, 2022. In a new interview with FilmFare, when Deepika was asked about best and the worst piece of advice that she has received, she said, “Shah Rukh (Khan) gives good advice and I got a lot from him. One of the most valuable pieces of advice I got from him was to always work with people you know you are going to have a good time with, because while you are making a movie you are also living life, making memories and creating experiences. The worst advice I received was to get breast implants. I was all of 18 and I often wonder how I had the wisdom to not take it seriously.”Deepika made her Bollywood debut in 2007 with Farah Khan directorial Om Shanti Om with actors Shah Rukh Khan and Arjun Rampal. At that time, Deepika was 21 years old. She later appeared in films such as Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani, Chennai Express, Happy New Year, Bajirao Mastani and Padmaavat. Her most latest film is Gehraiyaan.Read More: The Hindustan Times review of the film, “Shakuns story, that he has co-written with Sumit Roy, Ayesha Devitre and Yash Sahai, has its heart at the right place yet it falters at many places. You are often left wondering, why, how and is that it? Some questions are left unanswered, some issues are assumed to have been sorted. Characters in this film so easily move on in their lives without ever wanting to know what really conspired. Despite these flaws, Gehraiyaan unravels the intricacies of relationships and the extent one can go to save or destroy them.” 
20220227_144857_nga_C000004_A000003	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/apc-wins-imo-bye-election/	NGA	Published 27 February 2022 The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Mr Blyden Okanni of the All Progressives Congress as the winner of the Ngor Okpala State Constituency by-election in Imo State. INEC Returning Officer for the election, Prof. Dennis Akoh, announced this in Owerri on Sunday. Akoh said that Okanni polled 9,248 votes to defeat his closest rival, Mr Emeka Nwachukwu of the Peoples Democratic Party who scored 7,161 votes. Akoh, a professor at the Federal University, Ndufu-Alike Ikwor (FUNAI) in Ebonyi, said the candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Mr Christopher Nwaiwu placed third with 501 votes. He said out of the 11 candidates that contested the by-election, the only female and candidate of the National Rescue Movement (NRM), Mrs Joy Nze, got 15 votes. The returning officer said a total of 18,083 voters were accredited for the poll, out of a total of the 94,118 registered voters in the area. He said the total valid votes cast were 17,280, while 582 votes were rejected. (NAN) 
20220227_144857_nga_C000004_A000010	punchng.com	https://punchng.com/traders-lament-losses-in-ladipo-market-fire/	NGA	Published 27 February 2022 Traders at Aguiyi Ironsi International Market, in the Ladipo area of Lagos, have raised the alarm over a suspected case of arson following a fire outbreak that destroyed several shops and goods worth millions of naira in the market. It was learnt that the fire, which began on Friday night, gutted over 200 shops in the Never Give Up and Bakassi sections, leaving several goods, including tyres, burnt beyond recognition. Auto parts, including fairly-used engine, motor gearbox, steering racks, shock absorbers, propellers and fuel pumps, were said to have been destroyed in the inferno before the arrival of state fire service, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, National Emergency Management Agency and the police. Some of the traders affected were said to have sold some of the damaged items they could salvage to scavengers at cheap rates. The South-West Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency, Ibrahim Farintoye, in a statement on Saturday, said the fire rapidly spread across three blocks that housed auto spare parts within the market and was aided by combustible substances stored around the affected locations. “Most of the shop owners did not have insurance coverage on their business despite all efforts on awareness creation and sensitisation on the needs to imbibe the culture of insurance coverage of the business outfits.’’ But a dealer, who said he lost three shops but did not want to be named, told Sunday PUNCH that he suspected foul play due to the level of damage done by the inferno. While lamenting that one of his affected shops served as a store for his valuable goods he said, “It looks like the place was set on fire. An electrical fault could not have burnt the building like that. The fire affected more than 30 shops. If I begin to quantify how much I lost to the fire, I would get angrier.” Another trader, who identified himself as Frank, said, ‘‘The fire did not affect some shops in the same building, so we believe it was not accidental. Last month, we were given a quit notice to create space for the building to be renovated but we said there was no need for a renovation. They gave us until February 8 to leave but we did not leave before this incident happened. It has not happened before. The President General of the market association, Mr Jude Nwankwo, who told our correspondent that some of the traders were inconsolable, said that the incident had been reported to the police. Nwankwo added, “To be sincere, I cannot tell you exactly what caused the fire incident. The only thing I know is that my security persons called me at about 10:30pm (on Friday) that there was a fire incident in Aguiyi Ironsi (building), so I had to rush down to the place to find out what caused the fire incident but nobody could tell me exactly what happened. “As human beings they (traders) are sad but we are trying to console them. We are appealing to the state government to come to our aid and we are also appealing that a fire service station should be created in the Ladipo axis.” The spokesperson for the Lagos State Police Command, CSP Adekunle Ajisebutu, could not be reached and had yet to respond to a text message sent to him as of the time of filing the report. Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: 
20220227_144857_sgp_C000018_A000024	www.thebharatexpressnews.com	https://www.thebharatexpressnews.com/grandfather-as-a-kitchen-slave-putting-seniors-to-work-for-their-good/	SGP	Follow us on Telegram for the latest updates: https://t.me/TBEN Malaysias Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industries (Mafi) will enforce the ban on chickens, which... 
20220227_144857_nga_C000019_A000027	www.football.london	https://www.football.london/chelsea-fc/news/liverpool-chelsea-carabao-cup-final-23230701	NGA	Liverpool midfielder Fabinho has delivered his verdict on Chelsea defender Thiago Silva ahead of Sundays Carabao Cup final. Silva is set to start for Thomas Tuchels side as the German hunts down the fourth trophy of his reign at Stamford Bridge, adding the Champions League, Super Cup and Club World Cup already won. It will not be an easy game by any means with Liverpool coming into the clash off the back of a 6-0 win against Leeds and off-field issues continuing to swirl around Stamford Bridge. But with Silva in his side, Tuchel will be confident that his men can keep Liverpool quiet. Being such a key player for the Blues at 37 is no mean feat and after he agreed a one-year extension last month, Tuchel was quick with the praise. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will auto-play soon8Cancel Play now He is the Benjamin Button of football, the German said of Silva back in January. It is a miracle in a way because with this league, this schedule, this intensity of a daily business at the very end of his career, it was a very brave decision for him but I know how much effort he puts in to stay fit. Off the pitch, taking care of his recovery, sleep, nutrition, this is simply outstanding and only because of that it is possible. He is not the only person to have been impressed by Silvas form, however. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles Ahead of Sundays final, Liverpool midfielder Fabinho has heaped praise on his Brazil teammate although admitted that he hopes his standards drop slightly against the Reds. It is always good to see other Brazilians being successful at their clubs as well, Fabinho said Thiago since he arrived at Chelsea, I just heard good things about him. Now I think he is 37 but he is still playing at a really good level, a really high level. I am happy for him as well for everything he has done and keeps doing for Chelsea. But Sunday hopefully he will not play the greatest game of his life - and we will be the winners of this final! 
20220227_144857_lva_C000021_A000014	www.rferl.org	https://www.rferl.org/a/united-nations-russia-ukraine-security-council/31726020.html	LVA	President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has marked 100 days since Russias unprovoked invasion by vowing victory even as Moscow tightens its grip on the Donbas with the aid of fierce bombardment that has turned much of the region to rubble. The Kremlin said Russian troops “liberated” many areas in Ukraine from the Ukrainian military, with spokesman Dmitry Peskov claiming on June 3 that “this work will continue until all the goals of the special military operation are achieved.” But Zelenskiy, in a brief but defiant video message, said Ukrainians have been successfully defending their country for 100 days against Russian aggression and will continue to do so. The armed forces of Ukraine are also here...the people of our nation are here. Were defending Ukraine for 100 days already. Victory shall be ours, Zelenskiy said. The video highlighted Ukrainian unity, with Zelenskiy flanked by some of his closest allies as they stood in front of the Ukrainian presidential office. Zelenskiy and his team appeared in a similar video in the same location on February 25 -- a day after Russia launched its invasion. Back then, Zelenskiy had just declined offers by the West to be evacuated from Kyiv, saying, I need ammunition, not a ride. On the battlefield, Ukrainian forces have managed to stave off Russias furious offensive in the key eastern city of Syevyerodonetsk, Zelenskiy said in a message late on June 2. We have some success in the battles in Syevyerodonetsk,” Zelenskiy said, adding, “But its too early to tell.” He said that overall, the situation remains very difficult. Britains Defense Ministry said in its on June 3 that compared to Russia’s original plan, none of Moscows strategic objectives have been reached. Russian forces failed to achieve their initial objectives to seize Kyiv and Ukrainian centers of government, the British intelligence bulletin said. Staunch Ukrainian resistance and the failure to secure Hostomel airfield [near Kyiv] in the first 24 hours led to Russian offensive operations being repulsed. Photo Gallery: The horror and devastation seen through 100 days of war in Ukraine that began when Russia launched a full-scale invasion on February 24. House-to-house fighting continued in Syevyrodonetsk, which officials have said is controlled 80 percent by Russian forces, as Ukrainian forces struggle to hold off Russian troops while they await the arrival of the advanced weapons that Washington has pledged. Ukrainian troops said on June 3 that they made significant progress during an offensive against Russian positions in the occupied southern region of Kherson. The Territorial Defense AZOV Dnipro unit said its forces liberated 8 kilometers of “occupied territory.” British intelligence estimated in its bulletin that Russia now controls more than 90 percent of the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine and is likely to complete control of the region in the next two weeks. But the bulletin cautioned that Russias recent tactical successes have come at significant cost in terms of resources and that trend will likely continue. In order for Russia to achieve any form of success will require continued huge investment of manpower and equipment, and is likely to take considerable further time, the British intelligence concluded. In Washington, NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg said the conflict has become “a war of attrition. “Wars are by nature unpredictable and therefore we just have to be prepared for the long haul, Stoltenberg told reporters after meeting with U.S. President Joe Biden at the White House. In Moscow, African Union head Macky Sall on June 3 urged President Vladimir Putin to take into account the suffering in African countries from food shortages caused by Russias invasion of Ukraine. Putin hosted Sall, who is the president of Senegal and currently chairs the African Union, at his Black Sea residence in Sochi, with global food shortages and grain supplies stuck in Ukrainian ports high on the agenda. Sall asked Putin to become aware that our countries, even if they are far from the theater (of action), are victims on an economic level of the conflict. Putin did not mention grain supplies but said Russia was always on Africas side and was now keen to ramp up cooperation. Putin has said Moscow is ready to look for ways to ship grain blocked in Ukrainian ports but has demanded the West lift sanctions. Cereal prices in Africa, the worlds poorest continent, have spiked because of the slump in exports from Ukraine. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000021_A000038	www.timesnownews.com	https://www.timesnownews.com/health/diabetes-and-choley-chickpeas-help-lower-and-manage-blood-sugar-article-89872438	LVA	Spicy Chickpea curry Chana Masala in bowl diabetes high fibre low GI is acquiring epidemic proportions, thanks to a world more and more glued to desktops and laptops (not to mention cell phones etc) that have given us more sedentary lifestyles while snatching away the pacy and calorie-burning daily activities that the earlier generations went through in a days time.To know if we have diabetes, our doctor uses several physiological details including our blood tests. Type 2 diabetes is characterised by high levels caused by problems with insulin production. Patients are either unable to make enough insulin or their insulin doesn’t work properly. When insulin fails to do its role in the mechanism, blood sugar levels can scale up to dangerous heights and cause irreversible damage to vital organs. Luckily, certain lifestyle tweaks can help prevent this from happening.Your food habits are a major contributor to the blood sugar levels:What you eat and drink plays a big role in this condition. The Baker Heart Research Institute in Melbourne (Australia) carried out a study that they published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. The findings have been published under a research paper titled: Effects of long-term consumption and single meals of on plasma glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerol concentrations, and they highlight that there is one food, in particular, that could help kelp keep your blood sugar levels in check -- and that is chickpeas.How the study was carried out:Non-diabetic, healthy participants were selected to take part.The research contrasted two studies that looked at 19 and 20 participants respectively.The participants consumed carbohydrates from either chickpea, white bread or wheat-based foods.The first study was conducted on three separate days, while the second one lasted for six weeks.The researchers found that blood sugar was “substantially lower” 30 and 60 minutes after having the chickpea meal.There were no significant differences in blood sugar in the long-term study, though.Here is a recipe shared by on their website.SPICY ROASTED CHICKPEAS:Ingredients:400g tin chickpeas2 tsp rapeseed oilhalf tsp ground cuminhalf tsp chilli powderMethod:Step 1Drain and rinse the chickpeas, and pat dry with kitchen paper.Step 2Preheat the oven to 190°C/gas 5. Oil a large baking tray with 1 tsp rapeseed oil and place the tray in the oven for 3 minutes.Step 3Spread the chickpeas onto the hot baking tray and cook for 15 minutes, mixing a couple of times to make sure they cook evenly.Step 4Remove from the oven, place the chickpeas in a bowl and drizzle with the remaining oil. Mix well. Add the cumin and chilli powder. Mix again and tip back onto the baking tray.Step 5Roast for another 10-15 minutes until brown and crunchy.Step 6Serve immediately or enjoy cool.Recipe tipsThese can be made the day before and stored in an airtight container. If you’d like to serve them warm just reheat in a hot oven for two minutes. This snack counts as half a portion of fruit and veg.Love to eat the healthy Indian ki sabzi or masala? Check out the video below:VIDEO 
20220227_144857_eth_C000037_A000012	bmcgastroenterol.biomedcentral.com	https://bmcgastroenterol.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12876-022-02174-4	ETH	IHME: Global Burden of Disease Collaborative Network. Global Burden of Disease Study 2016 (GBD 2016) Results. Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Seattle; 2017. . Accessed 12 Aug 2021.WHO: Soil-transmitted Helminth infections. 2020. . Accessed 10 Aug 2021.World Health Organization Regional Office for Africa. Helminthiasis. . Accessed 08 Dec 2021.Negussu N, Mengistu B, Kebede B, Deribe K, Ejigu E, Tadesse G, Mekete K, Sileshi M. Ethiopia schistosomiasis and soil-transmitted helminthes control programme: progress and prospects. Ethiop Med J. 2017;55(Suppl 1):75. Hailegebriel T. Prevalence of intestinal parasitic infections and associated risk factors among students at Dona Berber primary school, Bahir Dar, Ethiopia. BMC Infect Dis. 2017;17(1):1–8. Kagan LJ, Aiello AE, Larson E. The role of the home environment in the transmission of infectious diseases. J Community Health. 2002;27(4):247–67. Goddard FG, Ban R, Barr DB, Brown J, Cannon J, Colford JM Jr, Eisenberg JN, Ercumen A, Petach H, Freeman MC. Measuring environmental exposure to enteric pathogens in low-income settings: review and recommendations of an interdisciplinary working group. Environ Sci Technol. 2020;54(19):11673–91. Edberg S, Rice E, Karlin R, Allen M. Escherichia coli: the best biological drinking water indicator for public health protection. J Appl Microbiol. 2000;88(S1):106S-116S. Brown J, Cumming O. Stool-based pathogen detection offers advantages as an outcome measure for water, sanitation, and hygiene trials. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2020;102(2):260. Robb K, Null C, Teunis P, Yakubu H, Armah G, Moe CL. Assessment of fecal exposure pathways in low-income urban neighborhoods in Accra, Ghana: rationale, design, methods, and key findings of the SaniPath study. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2017;97(4):1020. Raj SJ, Wang Y, Yakubu H, Robb K, Siesel C, Green J, Kirby A, Mairinger W, Michiel J, Null C. The SaniPath Exposure Assessment Tool: A quantitative approach for assessing exposure to fecal contamination through multiple pathways in low resource urban settlements. PLoS ONE. 2020;15(6):e0234364. East Dembiya District Health Department: Plan and Monitoring Office annual report 2020, by Melese Eshetie and others, Koladiba: Officer of district health department plan and monitoring office, Amhara region, Ethiopia. 2020.Dembiya District Finance and Economic Development Office: annual report, by Zewudu Fetene and others, Koladiba: Officer of finance and economic development, Amhara region, Ethiopia. 2017.Dembiya District Health Office: annual report, by Tsigereda Kefale and others, Koladiba: officer of district health office, Amhara Region, Ethiopia. 2017.Alemu A, Tegegne Y, Damte D, Melku M. Schistosoma mansoni and soil-transmitted helminths among preschool-aged children in Chuahit, Dembia district, Northwest Ethiopia: prevalence, intensity of infection and associated risk factors. BMC Public Health. 2016;16(1):1–9. Deressa W, Hailemariam D, Ali A. Economic costs of epidemic malaria to households in rural Ethiopia. Trop Med Int Health. 2007;12(10):1148–56. Hasen A. Census Mapping In Ethiopia. Symposium on Global Review of 2000 Round of Population and Housing Censuses: Mid-Decade Assessment and Future Prospects Statistics Division. Department of Economic and Social Affairs, United Nations Secretariat. New York, 7–10 August 2001. . Accessed 12 May 2016.Sclar GD, Penakalapati G, Amato HK, Garn JV, Alexander K, Freeman MC, Boisson S, Medlicott KO, Clasen T. Assessing the impact of sanitation on indicators of fecal exposure along principal transmission pathways: a systematic review. Int J Hyg Environ Health. 2016;219(8):709–23. Pickering AJ, Ercumen A, Arnold BF, Kwong LH, Parvez SM, Alam M, Sen D, Islam S, Kullmann C, Chase C. Fecal indicator bacteria along multiple environmental transmission pathways (water, hands, food, soil, flies) and subsequent child diarrhea in rural Bangladesh. Environ Sci Technol. 2018;52(14):7928–36. WHO: Guidelines for drinking-water quality. Surveillance and control of community supplies. Volume 3; 2nd ed. Geneva. 1997. . Accessed 04 July 2021.Gwimbi P. The microbial quality of drinking water in Manonyane community: Maseru District (Lesotho). Afr Health Sci. 2011;11(3):477–80. Hong Kong Food and Environmental Hygiene Department: Microbiological Guidelines for Food (For ready-to-eat food in general and specific food items). Centre for Food Safety. 2014. . Accessed 27 July 2021.WHO: Training manual on diagnosis of intestinal parasites based on the WHO bench aids for the diagnosis of intestinal parasites, district laboratory practice in tropical countries. WHO/CTD/SIP/98.2 CD-Rom. 2004. Available at . Accessed 27 May 2021.Sanchez AL, Gabrie JA, Usuanlele M-T, Rueda MM, Canales M, Gyorkos TW. Soil-transmitted helminth infections and nutritional status in school-age children from rural communities in Honduras. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2013;7(8):2378. Chero JC, Saito M, Bustos JA, Blanco EM, Gonzalvez G, Garcia HH. Hymenolepis nana infection: symptoms and response to nitazoxanide in field conditions. Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg. 2007;101(2):203–5. Sommet N, Morselli D. Keep calm and learn multilevel logistic modeling: a simplified three-step procedure using stata, R, Mplus, and SPSS. Int Rev Soc Psychol. 2017;30:203–18. Mattioli MC, Boehm AB, Davis J, Harris AR, Mrisho M, Pickering AJ. Enteric pathogens in stored drinking water and on caregiver’s hands in Tanzanian households with and without reported cases of child diarrhea. PLoS ONE. 2014;9(1):e84939. Pickering AJ, Davis J, Walters SP, Horak HM, Keymer DP, Mushi D, Strickfaden R, Chynoweth JS, Liu J, Blum A. Hands, water, and health: fecal contamination in Tanzanian communities with improved, non-networked water supplies. Environ Sci Technol. 2010;44(9):3267–72. Levy K, Nelson KL, Hubbard A, Eisenberg JN. Following the water: a controlled study of drinking water storage in northern coastal Ecuador. Environ Health Perspect. 2008;116(11):1533–40. Rufener S, Mäusezahl D, Mosler H-J, Weingartner R. Quality of drinking-water at source and point-of-consumption—drinking cup as a high potential recontamination risk: a field study in Bolivia. J Health Popul Nutr. 2010;28(1):34. Reed BC, Rasnake MS. An assessment of coliform bacteria in water sources near Appalachian Trail shelters within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Wilderness Environ Med. 2016;27(1):107–10. World Meteorological Organization. Health and sanitation aspects of flood management. Integrated Flood Management Tools Series. 2015; 1:23. . Accessed 07 Aug 2021.Mason MR, Encina C, Sreevatsan S, Muńoz-Zanzi C. Distribution and diversity of pathogenic Leptospira species in peri-domestic surface waters from south central Chile. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2016;10(8):e0004895. Khatri N, Tyagi S. Influences of natural and anthropogenic factors on surface and groundwater quality in rural and urban areas. Front Life Sci. 2015;8(1):23–39. Burkholder J, Libra B, Weyer P, Heathcote S, Kolpin D, Thorne PS, Wichman M. Impacts of waste from concentrated animal feeding operations on water quality. Environ Health Perspect. 2007;115(2):308–12. Gizachew M, Admasie A, Wegi C, Assefa E. Bacteriological contamination of drinking water supply from protected water sources to point of use and water handling practices among beneficiary households of boloso sore woreda, wolaita zone, Ethiopia. Int J Microbiol. 2020;2020:1–10. Sharma HR, Worku W, Hassen M, Tadesse Y, Zewdu M, Kibret D, Gashe A, Meseret M, Gessesse D, Kebede A. Water handling practices and level of contamination between source and point-of-use in Kolladiba Town, Ethiopia. Environ We Int J Sci Technol. 2013;8:25–35. Agensi A, Tibyangye J, Tamale A, Agwu E, Amongi C. Contamination potentials of household water handling and storage practices in kirundo subcounty, kisoro district, Uganda. J Environ Public Health. 2019;2019:1–8. Navab-Daneshmand T, Friedrich MN, Gächter M, Montealegre MC, Mlambo LS, Nhiwatiwa T, Mosler H-J, Julian TR. Escherichia coli contamination across multiple environmental compartments (soil, hands, drinking water, and handwashing water) in urban Harare: correlations and risk factors. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2018;98(3):803. Pickering AJ, Julian TR, Marks SJ, Mattioli MC, Boehm AB, Schwab KJ, Davis J. Fecal contamination and diarrheal pathogens on surfaces and in soils among Tanzanian households with and without improved sanitation. Environ Sci Technol. 2012;46(11):5736–43. Ngure FM, Humphrey JH, Mbuya MN, Majo F, Mutasa K, Govha M, Mazarura E, Chasekwa B, Prendergast AJ, Curtis V. Formative research on hygiene behaviors and geophagy among infants and young children and implications of exposure to fecal bacteria. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2013;89(4):709. Ercumen A, Pickering AJ, Kwong LH, Arnold BF, Parvez SM, Alam M, Sen D, Islam S, Kullmann C, Chase C. Animal feces contribute to domestic fecal contamination: evidence from E. coli measured in water, hands, food, flies, and soil in Bangladesh. Environ Sci Technol. 2017;51(15):8725–34. Lupindu AM, Dalsgaard A, Msoffe PL, Ngowi HA, Mtambo MM, Olsen JE. Transmission of antibiotic-resistant Escherichia coli between cattle, humans and the environment in peri-urban livestock keeping communities in Morogoro, Tanzania. Prev Vet Med. 2015;118(4):477–82. Purohit MR, Chandran S, Shah H, Diwan V, Tamhankar AJ, Stĺlsby Lundborg C. Antibiotic resistance in an Indian rural community: a ‘One-Health’observational study on commensal coliform from humans, animals, and water. Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2017;14(4):386. Dos Santos S, Ouédraogo FdC, Soura AB. Water-related factors and childhood diarrhoea in African informal settlements. A cross-sectional study in Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso). J Water Health. 2015, 13(2):562–574.Schriewer A, Odagiri M, Wuertz S, Misra PR, Panigrahi P, Clasen T, Jenkins MW. Human and animal fecal contamination of community water sources, stored drinking water and hands in rural India measured with validated microbial source tracking assays. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2015;93(3):509. Penakalapati G, Swarthout J, Delahoy MJ, McAliley L, Wodnik B, Levy K, Freeman MC. Exposure to animal feces and human health: a systematic review and proposed research priorities. Environ Sci Technol. 2017;51(20):11537–52. Berendes DM, Yang PJ, Lai A, Hu D, Brown J. Estimation of global recoverable human and animal faecal biomass. Nat Sustain. 2018;1(11):679–85. Daniels ME, Shrivastava A, Smith WA, Sahu P, Odagiri M, Misra PR, Panigrahi P, Suar M, Clasen T, Jenkins MW. Cryptosporidium and Giardia in humans, domestic animals, and village water sources in rural India. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2015;93(3):596. Feachem R, Mara D, Bradley D. Sanitation and disease [Internet]. Washington: Wiley; 1983. Biswas S, Parvez M, Shafiquzzaman M, Nahar S, Rahman M. Isolation and characterization of Escherichia coli in ready-to-eat foods vended in Islamic University, Kushtia. J Bio Sci. 2010;18:99–103. Islam M, Ahmed T, Faruque A, Rahman S, Das S, Ahmed D, Fattori V, Clarke R, Endtz H, Cravioto A. Microbiological quality of complementary foods and its association with diarrhoeal morbidity and nutritional status of Bangladeshi children. Eur J Clin Nutr. 2012;66(11):1242–6. Doza S, Rahman MJ, Islam MA, Kwong LH, Unicomb L, Ercumen A, Pickering AJ, Parvez SM, Naser AM, Ashraf S. Prevalence and association of Escherichia coli and diarrheagenic Escherichia coli in stored foods for young children and flies caught in the same households in rural Bangladesh. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2018;98(4):1031. Parvez SM, Kwong L, Rahman MJ, Ercumen A, Pickering AJ, Ghosh PK, Rahman MZ, Das KK, Luby SP, Unicomb L. Escherichia coli contamination of child complementary foods and association with domestic hygiene in rural Bangladesh. Trop Med Int Health. 2017;22(5):547–57. Food Standards Australia New Zealand (FSANZ). Compendium of Microbiological Criteria for Food (January 2018). ISBN: 978-0-642-34594-3. . Accessed 28 May 2021.Mokhtari A, Jaykus L-A. Quantitative exposure model for the transmission of norovirus in retail food preparation. Int J Food Microbiol. 2009;133(1–2):38–47. Bintsis T. Microbial pollution and food safety. AIMS Microbiol. 2018;4(3):377. Bintsis T. Foodborne pathogens. AIMS Microbiol. 2017;3(3):529. Aiemjoy K, Gebresillasie S, Stoller NE, Shiferaw A, Tadesse Z, Chanyalew M, Aragie S, Callahan K, Keenan JD. Epidemiology of soil-transmitted helminth and intestinal protozoan infections in preschool-aged children in the Amhara region of Ethiopia. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2017;96(4):866. G/hiwot Y, Degarege A, Erko B. Prevalence of intestinal parasitic infections among children under five years of age with emphasis on Schistosoma mansoni in Wonji Shoa Sugar Estate, Ethiopia. PLoS ONE. 2014;9(10):e109793. Shumbej T, Belay T, Mekonnen Z, Tefera T, Zemene E. Soil-transmitted helminths and associated factors among pre-school children in Butajira Town, South-Central Ethiopia: a community-based cross-sectional study. PLoS ONE. 2015;10(8):e0136342. Mbae CK, Nokes DJ, Mulinge E, Nyambura J, Waruru A, Kariuki S. Intestinal parasitic infections in children presenting with diarrhoea in outpatient and inpatient settings in an informal settlement of Nairobi, Kenya. BMC Infect Dis. 2013;13(1):1–11. Banerjee S, Ray S, Shrivastava P, Das DK. Prevalence of intestinal parasitosis among under-five children in a rural community of Purba Bardhaman District, West Bengal. Indian J Community Med. 2020;45(4):425. Ferreira FS. Pereira FdLM, Martins MdRO: Intestinal parasitic infections in children under five in the Central Hospital of Nampula, Northern Mozambique. J Infect Dev Ctries. 2020;14(05):532–9. Tinuade O, John O, Saheed O, Oyeku O, Fidelis N, Olabisi D. Parasitic etiology of childhood diarrhea. Indian J Pediatr. 2006;73(12):1081–4. Gerba CP. Environmentally transmitted pathogens. In: Pepper IL, Gerba CP, Gentry TJ, Maier RM, editors. Environmental microbiology. Amsterdam: Elsevier; 2009. p. 445–84. Fuhrmeister ER, Ercumen A, Pickering AJ, Jeanis KM, Crider Y, Ahmed M, Brown S, Alam M, Sen D, Islam S. Effect of sanitation improvements on pathogens and microbial source tracking markers in the rural Bangladeshi household environment. Environ Sci Technol. 2020;54(7):4316–26. Steinbaum L, Mboya J, Mahoney R, Njenga SM, Null C, Pickering AJ. Effect of a sanitation intervention on soil-transmitted helminth prevalence and concentration in household soil: A cluster-randomized controlled trial and risk factor analysis. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2019;13(2):e0007180. Goddard FG, Pickering AJ, Ercumen A, Brown J, Chang HH, Clasen T. Faecal contamination of the environment and child health: a systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis. Lancet Planet Health. 2020;4(9):e405–15. Bisanzio D, Mutuku F, Bustinduy AL, Mungai PL, Muchiri EM, King CH, Kitron U. Cross-sectional study of the burden of vector-borne and soil-transmitted polyparasitism in rural communities of Coast Province, Kenya. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2014;8(7):e2992. Machado-Moreira B, Richards K, Brennan F, Abram F, Burgess CM. Microbial contamination of fresh produce: what, where, and how? Compr Rev Food Sci Food Saf. 2019;18(6):1727–50. Krystosik A, Njoroge G, Odhiambo L, Forsyth JE, Mutuku F, LaBeaud AD. Solid wastes provide breeding sites, burrows, and food for biological disease vectors, and urban zoonotic reservoirs: a call to action for solutions-based research. Front Public Health. 2020;7:405. Parvez SM, Azad R, Pickering AJ, Kwong LH, Arnold BF, Rahman MJ, Rahman MZ, Alam M, Sen D, Islam S. Microbiological contamination of young children’s hands in rural Bangladesh: Associations with child age and observed hand cleanliness as proxy. PLoS ONE. 2019;14(9):e0222355. Fuhrmeister ER, Ercumen A, Grembi JA, Islam M, Pickering AJ, Nelson KL. Shared bacterial communities between soil, stored drinking water, and hands in rural Bangladeshi households. Water Res X. 2020;9:100056. Walaszek M, Kolpa M, Rózanska A, Jagiencarz-Starzec B, Wolak Z, Wójkowska-Mach J. Nail microbial colonization following hand disinfection: a qualitative pilot study. J Hosp Infect. 2018;100(2):207–10. Fagernes M, Lingaas E. Factors interfering with the microflora on hands: a regression analysis of samples from 465 healthcare workers. J Adv Nurs. 2011;67(2):297–307. McGinley KJ, Larson E, Leyden J. Composition and density of microflora in the subungual space of the hand. J Clin Microbiol. 1988;26(5):950–3. Hedderwick SA, McNeil SA, Lyons MJ, Kauffman CA. Pathogenic organisms associated with artificial fingernails worn by healthcare workers. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 2000;21(8):505–9. Bauza V, Ocharo R, Nguyen TH, Guest JS. Soil ingestion is associated with child diarrhea in an urban slum of Nairobi, Kenya. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2017;96(3):569. Ivoke N, Ikpor N, Ivoke O, Ekeh F, Ezenwaji N, Odo G, Iyaji F, Onoja U, Eyo J. Geophagy as risk behaviour for gastrointestinal nematode infections among pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in a humid tropical zone of Nigeria. Afr Health Sci. 2017;17(1):24–31. Geissler PW, Mwaniki D, Thiong’o F, Friis H. Geophagy as a risk factor for geohelminth infections: a longitudinal study of Kenyan primary schoolchildren. Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg. 1998;92(1):7–11. Echazú A, Bonanno D, Juarez M, Cajal SP, Heredia V, Caropresi S, Cimino RO, Caro N, Vargas PA, Paredes G. Effect of poor access to water and sanitation as risk factors for soil-transmitted helminth infection: selectiveness by the infective route. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2015;9(9):e0004111. Gizaw Z, Adane T, Azanaw J, Addisu A, Haile D. Childhood intestinal parasitic infection and sanitation predictors in rural Dembiya, northwest Ethiopia. Environ Health Prev Med. 2018;23(1):1–10. 
20220227_144857_eth_C000037_A000022	9to5mac.com	https://9to5mac.com/2022/02/27/gurman-apples-mysterious-20-foldable-could-be-macbook-ipad-hybrid-with-touchscreen-keyboard/	ETH	Earlier this week, 9to5Mac noted a new analyst report that indicated . Now, in his Power On newsletter, doubles down on this future foldable MacBook/iPad. The report was first made by DSCC analyst Ross Young. According to Young, Apple is in discussions with suppliers about this category, and while a product is still several years away, its interest is in a 20-inch foldable of some sort. On the other hand, we are now showing Apple in our roadmap for foldable notebooks. We hear there is interest at the largest size yet, around 20.x”. This size could create a new category for Apple and would result in a true dual use product, a notebook with a full-size keyboard when folded and for use as a monitor when not folded and used with an external keyboard. It may also allow for UHD/4K resolution or even higher at that size. The time frame is likely later than 2025 though, it could be 2026 or 2027. Now, Bloomberg‘s Mark Gurman also corroborates with this report saying Apple has indeed been exploring a dual-screen, foldable MacBook/iPad hybrid. He writes: “The company could go with a foldable 20-inch screen attached to a physical keyboard or just have one side of the display serving as a virtual keyboard. I’m told Apple has indeed been exploring a dual-screen, foldable MacBook/iPad hybrid that would take the second approach. It would trade in the physical keyboard and trackpad for a fully touch-screen base” If that’s the case, Apple could release a disruptive product like this around 2026, which is about the period it could same launch its long-anticipated Apple Car and AR glasses project. What a year 2026 could be, right? Do you think Apple should launch a dual-screen, foldable MacBook/iPad? How do you think it would work? Share your thoughts in the comment section below. FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. VIDEO 
20220227_144857_zwe_C000046_A000038	www.eatthis.com	https://www.eatthis.com/eating-habits-family-history-high-blood-pressure/	ZWE	If you know runs in your family, consider yourself lucky. You now have a clear warning sign to prompt you to take steps to prevent developing hypertension yourself, like changing your . See, high blood pressure is often called the silent killer. Most people with have no recognizable symptoms, even when a blood pressure checkup reveals your BP is dangerously high, according to the Mayo Clinic. So, by knowing that a parent, uncle, aunt, or some other member of your family has hypertension, you know you may have a genetic predisposition to developing high blood pressure, too. But dont blame genes alone. Families tend to share the same eating, exercise, and other lifestyle habits, such as smoking and . That means examining your own eating habits and the lifestyle practices of your family members can tip you off to changes you may need to make if you want to avoid the same fate. And theres good cause for taking the time to investigate because high blood pressure tends to lead to serious chronic diseases like , kidney failure, and stroke. How to change your health trajectory through your diet. You cant stop aging or change your genetics, but you can adjust your lifestyle habits, like what you eat every day, to reduce your risk of high blood pressure. A study in , the journal of the American Heart Association, determined that lifestyle modification is a powerful tool for avoiding hypertension even in people in high genetic risk groups. Researchers analyzed 314 studies involving more than 2 million people without previous cardiovascular disease and scored participants according to such lifestyle factors as body mass index, diet, sedentary behavior, alcohol consumption, and smoking. Comparing people with a healthy lifestyle to those with poor eating habits and other negative behavior factors, the researchers determined that those with healthy habits had a 31% lower risk of high blood pressure and even when they had a family history of hypertension. The takeaway is that you can play a significant role in changing your health trajectory even if high blood pressure and heart disease are present in your family. And you can start by making improvements to something you have ultimate control over—your diet. Begin reducing your high blood pressure risks by adopting these key eating habits, and for more on how to eat healthy, dont miss . ShutterstockBy doing so regularly, you will automatically reduce the amount of in your diet. And sodium has a big impact on your blood pressure. When you eat too much salt, its harder for your kidneys to remove water from your body. The fluid builds up and increases your blood pressure. The recommend eating approximately 2,300 milligrams (mg) of sodium per day, which is enough if you are only using salt to season your meals. Most Americans consume much more than 2,300 mg, mostly from fast foods, processed foods, canned goods, and frozen foods, says registered dietitian nutritionist Su-Nui Escobar, RDN, with . She says that making a habit of the following four steps can significantly improve your heart health: Taste your food before using the salt shaker; youll likely find the food is tasty without the extra salt. Limit the number of fast-food meals you eat. Significantly reduce your intake of prepared foods, such as processed foods and frozen dinners, . Choose fresh over frozen and canned foods. Even canned vegetables contain lots of sodium as a preservative. Rinse with water before eating. Sign up for our newsletter! ShutterstockThis advice pertains to everyone but especially to people with a family history of high blood pressure. Limit meat consumption at meals to a 3-ounce portion—about the size of the palm of your hand—treat highly marbled and as a rare treat, trim the fat from all cuts of meat, choose low-fat dairy, and significantly increase the amount of fruits, vegetables, and fiber you consume daily, says registered dietitian nutritionist , a contributor to . Foods high in saturated fat create the perfect storm of trouble for heart health, clogging arteries, raising bad (LDL) cholesterol, and contributing to high blood pressure, adds Schilling. If you cant give up your red meat, at least choose leaner cuts like sirloin, round, or extra-lean ground beef. RELATED: ShutterstockNot only are like sausage, bacon, and deli meats high in saturated fats, they are loaded with sodium and other preservatives that are unhealthy for your heart, says Melissa Mitri, RD, a registered dietitian for .6254a4d1642c605c54bf1cab17d50f1e Make a habit of limiting your processed meat intake as much as possible, she says. Clinical research shows doing that can have an impact. One study in the found that women who consumed more than five servings of processed red meat per week had a 17% higher rate of high blood pressure than that of women who ate less than a serving per week. ShutterstockWe have a very good idea about two diets that do a very good job (of lowering blood pressure and preventing heart disease) in randomized clinical trials, says , an integrative medicine doctor and anesthesiologist who writes the blog. They are the and the . The Mediterranean diet is based on the traditional foods of the countries bordering the Mediterranean Sea and focuses on , like vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, seeds, whole grains, herbs, some fish, poultry, and dairy. Olive oil is the main source of fat. It mostly shuns processed foods, sweets, and red meats. stands for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension and is a heart-healthy eating plan designed specifically to avoid high blood pressure. The DASH eating plan incorporates many of the same low-sodium foods at the Mediterranean diet, but specifies daily and weekly nutritional goals. Both eating styles are routinely suggested by dietitians and doctors for patients with high blood pressure, but these diets are not fail-safe cures because medicine is never one size fits all, Dr. Kaveh says. We can go through a laundry list of every food in the DASH and Mediterranean diets, but if they dont resonate with the patients cultural values or what they like, and its not sustainable, its a waste of time, he says. The ultimate tool is for patients to know themselves and experiment to find healthy foods that they enjoy. READ MORE: ShutterstockThe essential mineral eases the tension on the walls of your blood vessels, which in turn lowers blood pressure, according to the . It helps your kidneys remove sodium from your body through urination. So, its important to get enough potassium in your diet to prevent hypertension. The best way to eat enough potassium is making sure you eat fresh vegetables and fruits every day, says Escobar. Top sources include beans, lentils and other legumes, bananas, leafy greens, broccoli, and nuts. READ MORE: Courtesy of Shutterstock in a bag such as potato chips and cookies, and baked foods like pastries and bagels are very high in sodium, calories, sometimes saturated fat and added sugars, all of which can contribute to metabolic disorders like heart disease. But theres another thing these foods do thats detrimental to a healthy blood pressure. They are highly palatable so they encourage overeating and increase the risk of weight gain, says Mitri. And weight gain, especially obesity, is a strong risk factor for hypertension. You can add soda to the list of high sugar, high-calorie items to nix that play a big role in obesity and, subsequently, high blood pressure, Mitri says. Replace soda with these . 
20220227_144857_pak_C000047_A000016	www.aninews.in	https://www.aninews.in/news/world/asia/pakistani-rupee-to-stay-under-pressure-next-week20220227130336/	PAK	ANI | Updated: Feb 27, 2022 13:03 IST Islamabad [], February 27 (ANI): The Ukraine crisis is expected to weigh on the currency as a large current account deficit, surging energy and oil prices, and volatility in financial markets will likely put the i rupee under pressure next week, local media reported citing analysts.s current account deficit of USD 2.5 billion, which is at an all-time high, seems to be the prime worry amid high global oil and other commodity prices, reported Geo News.In a situation when imports are growing at a faster pace than exports, this deficit is increasing s dependence on foreign loans to meet its financial requirements. In the previous week, the local unit fell by 1.36 rupees or 0.77 per cent against the dollar, the media outlet reported adding that it started the week on 175.75 per dollar and closed at 177.11 on Friday.The foreign exchange market is concerned about the increasing pressure on the balance of payments, despite the fact that the central bank has said there is enough financing available to fund the deficit and the foreign exchange reserves are also at a comfortable level, the media outlet quoted a forex trader as saying.The uncertainty related to the current account and the geopolitical tension will exert pressure on the rupee in the coming week, he added.The crisis had brought in a surge in commodities, and the rise in oil and energy prices were going to translate into elevated inflation level, Geo News quoted a Tresmark analyst who added that with Ramadan around the corner, food prices will also surge. (ANI) 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000056_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/moon-mercury-saturn-conjunctions-february-2022	BWA	You may be able to watch the moon cluster up with ringed and fleeting on Monday (Feb. 28), but it will be a considerable challenge.The three worlds will be clustered extra-close to the southeastern horizon as the sun is rising. Saturn is at magnitude 0.7 and Mercury at a brighter -0.1. (For perspective, most people can see stars down to 6 in dark-sky conditions.)According to the skywatching site , neither of the lunar-planetary conjunctions will be visible from New York City (which admittedly, has a fair share of light pollution interference) given that the two worlds will be within five degrees of the horizon at dawn. For reference, your clenched fist held at an arms length is about 10 degrees wide. Closer to the equator and farther south, viewing conditions will be better, as Mercury and Saturn will be higher in the sky before the sun rises and the planets fade into daylight.But you might get lucky with the right equipment or in a darker or different area. If youre looking for binoculars or a telescope to see planets in the night sky, check our our guide for the and the . If you need equipment, consider our and to prepare for the next planet sight.Related: See Saturn, Mercury and the moon?If you take a photograph of Saturn, Mercury and the moon let us know! You can send images and comments in to spacephotos@space.com.You will still have opportunities to spot other planets, however. The moon, which will reach on Wednesday (March 2), might be visible through the thick atmosphere close to our horizon. Farther up, you can spot bright (in red) and (above Mars, shining brightly in white). Venus and Mars are easily visible to the naked eye and were just in close alignment (or conjunction) with the moon on Sunday (Feb. 27). Worlds commonly come close to each other in Earths sky because the planets, moon and sun all share the same approximate pathway, called the .If youre up for even more planet-gazing, NASA urges you to get out also in the evening to look for Jupiter in the twilight sky. It will be your last chance to easily see a planet in the early evening until August, the agency ; this period will be the first time since 2018 with no bright planets visible after sunset.The post-sunset sky will be essentially devoid of naked-eye planets until August, when Saturn will start rising in the east around sunset, NASA wrote. Theres a short period, though, in April and May when you might be able to spot Mercury as it pops briefly above the horizon.Follow Elizabeth Howell on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or Facebook. to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220227_144857_uga_C000060_A000032	www.tribuneindia.com	https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/science-technology/james-webb-mirror-alignment-continues-successfully-nasa-373631	UGA	New York, February 27 Space agency NASA has announced that James Webb continued on its path to becoming a focused observatory as the team has successfully worked through the second and third out of seven total phases of mirror alignment. With the completion of these phases, called Segment Alignment and Image Stacking, the team will now begin making smaller adjustments to the positions of Webb’s mirrors. “After moving what were 18 scattered dots of starlight into Webb’s signature hexagonal formation, the team refined each mirror segment’s image by making minor adjustments, while also changing the alignment of James Webb’s secondary mirror,” the space agency said in a statement. The completion of this process, known as Segment Alignment, was a key step prior to overlapping the light from all the mirrors so that they can work in unison. Once Segment Alignment was achieved, the focused dots reflected by each mirror were then stacked on top of each other, delivering photons of light from each segment to the same location on NIRCam’s sensor. During this process, called Image Stacking, the team activated sets of six mirrors at a time and commanded them to repoint their light to overlap, until all dots of starlight overlapped with each other. “We still have work to do, but we are increasingly pleased with the results we’re seeing,” said Lee Feinberg, optical telescope element manager for Webb at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center. “Years of planning and testing are paying dividends, and the team could not be more excited to see what the next few weeks and months bring,” Feinberg added. Although Image Stacking put all the light from a star in one place on NIRCam’s detector, the mirror segments are still acting as 18 small telescopes rather than one big one. The segments now need to be lined up to each other with an accuracy smaller than the wavelength of the light. The team is now starting the fourth phase of mirror alignment, known as Coarse Phasing, where NIRCam is used to capture light spectra from 20 separate pairings of mirror segments. IANS 
20220227_144857_idn_C000061_A000003	www.indiatimes.com	https://www.indiatimes.com/explainers/news/live-city-webcams-show-the-ongoing-ukraine-russia-war-563143.html	IDN	As a concerned Indian citizen in New Delhi, I’ve been live-watching – the dreaded air-raid sirens go off over the Ukrainian capital Kiyv each night, quiet streets of Ukrainian cities under curfew, intense gunfire in distance, and dangerous artillery fires lighting the night-skies over Ukraine. YoutubeFor 3 days now, thousands of kilometres from Ukraine, anxious & curious global citizens go online and watch live city-webcams installed across Ukraine. For the sake of the nostalgic, romantic and touristic global citizen, live city webcams on internet have been a phenomenon for more than a decade. Today, unfortunately, I and scores of global citizens are using the webcam feeds to witness the unfolding of a significant armed incursion. Viewers are exchanging views in the live-chats to these video feeds. Some brave and internet savvy citizens of Ukraine have also stepped in, beaming continuous live footage of their city from their rooftop. YoutubeBy the second day of the conflict, geeks from across the world had started to systematically compile several of these live-videos in a single feed telecast almost like a CCTV surveillance video, over platforms like YouTube and other video-streaming websites. Like everything, it has its own reliability issues – coming from an active conflict zone. The feeds cut and come back randomly – outed by internet or electricity outages, done on-purpose in night-time to darken the city before possible air-raids. YoutubeBefore you check out some feeds that I’ve compiled, please do remember - this is a war situation, and countless human lives are at stake. We watch the feeds because we’re concerned and consider all wars as bad. Remember - tragedy is not a binge-watch entertainment.Links:Compilation of Live Camera feeds from Kiyv UcrâniaLive-stream from Kyiv camerasLive Maidan square in KyivFor more on news and current affairs from around the world please visit 
20220227_144857_idn_C000061_A000014	africa.businessinsider.com	https://africa.businessinsider.com/military/defiant-ukrainians-mount-passive-resistance-kneeling-in-front-of-russian-tanks-and/pxjrfhw	IDN	Ukrainian citizens are using passive resistance to confront the Russian invasion, kneeling in front of tanks and blocking roads. A video on social media, shared by sourced from the Ukrainian armed forces, shows a Ukrainian man trying to push a Russian tank away with his bodyweight alone in Bakhmach in northern Ukraine. When he fails, he falls to his knees in a final bid to stop the tank. A solitary senior confronted the invaders in Melitopol, southern Ukraine, occupied by Russian troops on Friday night. In a clip that went viral across social media, he asks, Other clips on social media show entire groups of civilians gathering in the path of Russian tanks and armored vehicles to block their advance. A video posted by the Ukrainian MP, Lesia Vasylenko, reprotedly shows scores of Ukrainians in Ichnya, Chernihiv, forming a moving human roadblock. Ukrainian citizens have been a crucial part of fighting against the Russian military, with the Ukrainian Armed Forces that All those ready to take up arms, join the ranks of the area defense forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. , Zelensky said: Every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country, please come over. We will give you weapons. Everyone who is defending Ukraine is a hero. 
20220227_144857_can_C000071_A000001	www.cbc.ca	https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/russia-ukraine-putin-nuclear-1.6366262	CAN	In a dramatic escalation of East-West tensions over Russias invasion of Ukraine, President Vladimir Putin ordered that Russian nuclear forces be put on high alert Sunday in response to what he called aggressive statements by leading NATO powers.Ukraine later announced a delegation would meet with Russian officials for talks. But the Kremlins ultimate intentions toward Ukraine — and what steps might be enough to satisfy Moscow — remained unclear.Russian President Vladimir Putin, right, said Sunday he was putting nuclear forces on high alert. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, left, says delegations from the two countries will meet at the Belarusian border. (Aleksey Nikolskyi/Kremlin/Sputnik/Reuters, Aaron Chown/WPA/Getty Images)Zelenskys office said on the Telegram messaging app that the two sides would be meeting at an unspecified location on the Belarusian border. Russia had announced its delegation had flown to Belarus to await talks, which were initially rejected by Ukrainian officials, who said any discussions should take place at a site other than Belarus, since it has allowed its territory to be used by Russian troops as a staging ground for the invasion.Hours after Putins announcement, the top official in the European Union said the 27-nation bloc will close its airspace to Russian airlines and fund the purchase of weapons for Ukraine.For the first time ever, the European Union will finance the purchase and delivery of weapons and other equipment to a country that is under attack, said European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. The EU will also ban some pro-Kremlin media outlets, she said. the same move, tweeting Sunday morning that its airspace would be closed to Russian aircraft operators effective immediately.Soon after the EUs announcement, Norway, which is not part of the EU, confirmed it will send non-lethal military equipment to Ukraine.Although Sweden has traditionally remained neutral and refused to send arms to countries engaged in an active conflict, Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson announced Sunday it will send military aid to Ukraine, including anti-tank weapons, helmets and body armour.The fast-moving developments came as Russian troops drew closer to Kyiv, a city of almost three million, street fighting broke out in Ukraines second largest city, Kharkiv, and strategic ports in the countrys south came under pressure from the invading forces. Ukrainian defenders put up stiff resistance that appeared to slow the invasion.Putin, in giving the nuclear alert directive, cited not only statements by NATO members, but the hard-hitting financial sanctions imposed by the West against Russia, including Putin himself.Speaking at a meeting with his top officials, Putin told his defence minister and the chief of the militarys general staff to put nuclear forces in a special regime of combat duty.WATCH | Canadas UN ambassador on Putins latest move:Canadas UN ambassador says putting nuclear forces on alert shows Putins deeper irrationalityCanadas ambassador to UN Bob Rae says Putins irrationality endangers Russia and the world, and its a time to be united, not intimidated, against Russian presidents actionsDangerous rhetoricWestern countries arent only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading NATO members made aggressive statements regarding our country, Putin said in televised comments.White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Putin is resorting to a pattern he used in the weeks before launching the invasion, which is to manufacture threats that dont exist in order to justify further aggression. She told ABCs This Week that Russia has not been under threat from NATO or Ukraine.And were going to stand up, Psaki said, adding: We have the ability to defend ourselves, but we also need to call out what were seeing here.NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg told CNN in reaction to Putins decision to put Russias nuclear forces on high alert: This is dangerous rhetoric. This is a behaviour which is irresponsible.Smoke billows over the town of Vasylkiv just outside Kyiv on Sunday after overnight Russian strikes hit an oil depot. (Dimitar Dilkoff/AFP/Getty Images)The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations also said Putins decision is an unacceptable escalation.It means that President Putin is continuing to escalate this war in a manner that is totally unacceptable and we have to continue to stem his actions in the strongest possible way, Linda Thomas-Greenfield said in interview with CBS Face the Nation.The practical meaning of Putins order was not immediately clear. Russia and the United States typically have land- and submarine-based nuclear forces on alert and prepared for combat at all times, but nuclear-capable bombers and other aircraft are not.PHOTOS | Ukrainians flee to neighbouring countries as cities under attack: If Putin is arming or otherwise raising the nuclear combat readiness of his bombers, or if he is ordering more ballistic missile submarines to sea, then the United States might feel compelled to respond in kind, said Hans Kristensen, a nuclear analyst at the Federation of American Scientists. That would mark a worrisome escalation, he said.Putin hasnt disclosed his ultimate plans, but Western officials believe he is determined to overthrow Ukraines government and replace it with a regime of his own, redrawing the map of Europe and reviving Moscows Cold War-era influence.The U.S., European Union and Britain also agreed to block selected Russian banks from the SWIFT global financial messaging system, which moves money around more than 11,000 banks and other financial institutions worldwide. They also agreed to impose restrictive measures on Russias central bank.Economic sanctions for Russia, PutinPresident Joe Biden has said the United States would not engage in war with Russia, but will meet its Article 5 commitments to defend partners in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Western nations have agreed to send aid and supplies and have imposed economic sanctions on Russia.WATCH | Western nations move to freeze Putins assets: Sanctioning Vladimir Putin and Russia’s billionaire oligarchsCanada is one of the countries imposing personal sanctions on Russian President Vladimir Putin and his inner circle, but there are questions about the effectiveness of these sanctions, given that many of these assets are held in the names of others.The United States and European nations agreed Saturday to impose the most potentially harsh financial penalties yet on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine, going after the central bank reserves that underpin the Russian economy and severing some Russian banks from a vital global financial network.Putin embarked on a path aiming to destroy Ukraine, but what he is also doing, in fact, is destroying the future of his own country, EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said.The European Union, United States, United Kingdom and other allies have steadily stepped up the intensity of their sanctions since Russia launched the invasion late last week.WATCH | Prime Minister Justin Trudeau describes how sanctions will hurt Putin: Trudeau explains how new sanctions will affect Russian President Vladimir Putin and his associatesPrime Minister Justin Trudeau says this is the first time the West has imposed sanctions affecting Putin personally.While U.S. and European officials made clear they were still working out the mechanics of how to implement the latest measures, and intend to spare Russias oil and natural gas exports, the sanctions in total potentially could amount to some of the toughest levied on a nation in modern times. If fully carried out as planned, the measures would likely severely damage the Russian economy and constrain its ability to import and export goods.The U.S. and European allies announced the moves in a joint statement as part of a new round of financial sanctions meant to hold Russia to account and collectively ensure that this war is a strategic failure for Putin.The central bank restrictions target access to the more than $600 billion US in reserves that the Kremlin has at its disposal, and are meant to block Russias ability to support the ruble as it plunges in value amid tightening Western sanctions. 
20220227_144857_can_C000071_A000024	www.geo.tv	https://www.geo.tv/latest/401915-meghan-markle-breaks-silence-amid-speculations-about-her-and-harrys-new-honour	CAN	Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who have won the NAACP’s President Award, were over the moon for new honour and expressed their feelings on the achievement.The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were honoured for their distinguished public service and humanitarian work.Meghan, who was out of spotlight, also shared her words at the ceremony, saying: We are so deeply humbled to be here in the company of so many illustrious awardees.However, royal expert Angela Levin skewered the royal couples win on Twitter as she wrote: “Archewell Foundation partners with NSSCP have created new honour Digital Civil Rights Award which it seems Harry and Meghan have won. “Apart from creating it someone please tell me exactly what theyve done not just talked about for civil rights.”Coolblackkind said: OMG I been waiting all day! I cannot wait. Our Meghan and Harry fully appreciated and recognised. I just love the NAACP so much for this! Nobel Prize next please!Harry and and Meghan, who are enjoying life in the US with their kids after quitting the royal jobs, used part of their speech on introducing the new NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award. 
20220227_144857_irl_C000081_A000005	www.the42.ie	https://www.the42.ie/ireland-italy-6-5695613-Feb2022/	IRL	2:15PM · 27 FEB 22 Hello and welcome to today’s liveblog as Ireland take on Italy in round three of this year’s Six Nations. With France cruising to victory in Edinburgh yesterday, the prospect of an Irish championship victory this season seems even more unlikely than it did in the aftermath of the six-point defeat in Paris, two weeks ago. Nonetheless, there is still plenty to play for. A Triple Crown is there to be won. That conversation is on hold for another two weeks, though, as Italy are in town. They have not beaten Ireland since 2013, have not beaten anyone in the Six Nations since the 2015 win over Scotland. With talk of their future at stake, they – more than Ireland – need to produce a performance today. That, and the excitement generated by the selection of Mike Lowry, James Lowe and Mack Hansen in the back three, adds some spice to an otherwise predictable game. Kick-off is about 45 minutes away. Let us know your thoughts on how the game will pan out in the comments section below. 2:22PM · 27 FEB 22 Here are the teams for today’s game. Ireland: 15. Mike Lowry 14. Mack Hansen 13. Garry Ringrose 12. Robbie Henshaw 11. James Lowe 10. Joey Carbery 9. Jamison Gibson-Park 1. Andrew Porter 2. Dan Sheehan 3. Tadhg Furlong 4. Tadhg Beirne 5. Ryan Baird 6. Peter O’Mahony (captain) 7. Josh van der Flier 8. Caelan Doris Replacements: 16. Rob Herring 17. Dave Kilcoyne 18. Finlay Bealham 19. Kieran Treadwell 20. Jack Conan 21. Craig Casey 22. Johnny Sexton 23. James Hume Italy: 15. Edoardo Padovani 14. Pierre Bruno 13. Juan Ignacio Brex 12. Leonardo Marin 11. Montanna Ioane 10. Paolo Garbisi 9. Stephen Varney 1. Danilo Fischetti 2. Gianmarco Lucchesi 3. Pietro Ceccarelli 4. Niccolň Cannone 5. Federico Ruzza 6. Giovanni Pettinelli 7. Michele Lamaro (captain) 8. Toa Lalafihi Replacements: 16. Epalahame Faiva 17. Ivan Nemer 18. Tiziano Pasquali 19. David Sisi 20. Manuel Zuliani 21. Braam Steyn 22. Alessandro Fusco 23. Marco Zanon Referee: Nika Amashukeli [GRU] 2:29PM · 27 FEB 22 If you want to get some reading before today’s game, here is Murray Kinsella’s . The French may well march on to a Grand Slam but Ireland will be hoping that either Wales or England can derail that bid and blow the Guinness Six Nations title race wide open. If Ireland are to come back into trophy contention, every single point today could count. And here is a long-read on and European rugby today. “Ireland have got smarter. For me, the big turning point for Andy Farrell was the England game last year. That was when they started to change. “First, they attacked England at set-plays. The scrum just took off that day. Until then, Ireland’s scrummaging philosophy had been pretty passive. It was a case of ‘let’s not give away a penalty’. But in that game (scrum coach) John Fogarty got them to absolutely attack England. Some of the things they did were a little illegal but they got away with it. They ripped England up.” This by Murray profiles the precocious Dan Sheehan. Battering over for two tries on his Leinster debut just 16 months ago. Smashing Japanese forwards on first Ireland cap back in November. Sidestepping Mack Hansen in remarkable fashion against Connacht last December. Looking very much at home at Stade de France a fortnight ago. His upward trajectory is irresistible. 2:43PM · 27 FEB 22 Joey Carbery warms up. Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO 2:56PM · 27 FEB 22 Powerful rendition of the Italian national anthem by a proud bunch of players. 2:56PM · 27 FEB 22 Kick off fast approaching. 2:59PM · 27 FEB 22 Anthems over, we are ready to go. 3:01PM · 27 FEB 22 KICK-OFF: Here we go. Paolo Garbisi gets us going. 3:03PM · 27 FEB 22 1 minute – Edoardo Padovani beats Mike Lowry to win the first aerial battle but Ireland soon regain possession; Caelan Doris makes a decent carry; Mack Hansen also makes yards but a pass from Dan Sheehan is too low for James Lowe. 3:04PM · 27 FEB 22 3 minutes Already we have seen some nice handling skills from Joey Carbery – and of course the delicate Tadhg Furlong, who really is a superb operator on so many levels. Mike Lowry has made a couple of attempts to run with the ball, posing an additional threat to the Italians. James Hume, meanwhile, is on as a blood sub for Garry Ringrose. 3:05PM · 27 FEB 22 4 minutes TRY IRELAND (Joey Carbery) 3:07PM · 27 FEB 22 5 minutes – Ireland 7-0 Italy (Carbery conversion) Well, that was classy. Peter O’Mahony, Caelan Doris and Dan Sheehan were all involved in the build-up; Sheehan’s pace and handling skills coming to the fore as Carbery arrived from deep to hook up with the hooker. The try was well executed. 3:10PM · 27 FEB 22 8 minutes – Pierre Bruno penalised on half-way and Carbery bangs his kick into the Italian 22.Ireland have a chance to launch another attack here; Doris carries again, then Hume and Peter O’Mahony as Ireland get to within five minutes of the Italian line. Doris then goes offside. 3:11PM · 27 FEB 22 8 minutes Gianmarco Lucchesi has to go off with an arm injury; Epalahame Faiva has arrived as his replacement. 3:11PM · 27 FEB 22 9 minutes Garry Ringrose has returned, his head bandaged up. 3:14PM · 27 FEB 22 11 minutes Good maul from Italy but their lack of creativity in their backline comes back to haunt them. Varney was too hesitant at scrum-half; Tadhg Beirne produces a great steal. 3:16PM · 27 FEB 22 13 minutes Yet again we see some soft hands from Furlong in midfield; his work rate really is remarkable; but Italy’s defence is excellent and aggressive. They win a penalty on half-way after Beirne is offside. Padovani is going for goal from half-way. 3:17PM · 27 FEB 22 14 minutes Penalty Italy (Padovani) Ireland 7-3 Italy Just brilliant from the Italian full-back, that was 50 yards out and it was still travelling as it went over the posts. 3:19PM · 27 FEB 22 15 minutes Giovanni Pettinelli wins a penalty at the breakdown – Robbie Henshaw isolated at the ruck. Italy are enjoying a nice little period across the last few minutes. Garbisi kicks deep into the Ireland half, just outside the 22. 3:21PM · 27 FEB 22 17 minutes – Italy hold possession for 10 phases off that line-out but they go nowhere. Brex, Cannone and Marin all carry but in the end Garbisi was forced to kick. Lowe collected impressively for a mark and then thumped his clearance deep into the Italian half. 3:24PM · 27 FEB 22 20 minutes - So the TMO is going to check a tackle on Dan Sheehan by the replacement hooker, Epalahame Faiva. 3:25PM · 27 FEB 22 RED CARD ITALY – Epalahame Faiva The Italians are down to 14 men. Faiva sent off for that high tackle on Dan Sheehan. 3:31PM · 27 FEB 22 20 minutes – Porter drops Doris’ pass five metres from the line. Italy are without a hooker now as Lucchesi is unable to play again because of the arm injury. Bruno, the winger, has to go off; Ivan Nemer, a loosehead is coming on. Scrums will be uncontested. 3:32PM · 27 FEB 22 TRY IRELAND (Jamison Gibson-Park) 3:35PM · 27 FEB 22 22 minutes – Ireland 14-3 Italy This is going to be carnage. Hard enough with 15 players; they now have 13 because of the complexity of the laws. Worse again, Garbisi has got injured. They could cough up 70 points in this match. 3:37PM · 27 FEB 22 26 minutes Here is a great pic of the red card incident. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO 3:38PM · 27 FEB 22 27 minutes Van der Flier’s carry gets Ireland deep into Italy territory but Danilo Fischetti saves Italy from coughing up a third try to win a turnover penalty. 3:40PM · 27 FEB 22 29 minutes Five metre scrum to Ireland after Ioane carries over his own line under pressure from Hansen. Ringrose’s kick was excellent. 3:42PM · 27 FEB 22 30 minutes – TRY IRELAND (Michael Lowry) Try on his debut for Lowry after Ireland score off that uncontested scrum; Carbery thought about kicking before passing outside; credit too for Gibson-Park for the speed of his deliveries and his ability to get to the breakdown after Robbie Henshaw made the first carry. Carbery misses the conversion. Ireland 19-3 Italy 3:42PM · 27 FEB 22 Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO 3:46PM · 27 FEB 22 33 minutes – replacement prop, Ivan Nemer, is throwing into the line-out – and doing a decent job. The fizz has completely gone out of this game, though. Henshaw knocks on. Ireland have lost concentration and – it seems – a little motivation. They know this game is won. 3:47PM · 27 FEB 22 35 minutes – Italy have a scrum just inside their 22. Down to 13 players, they can only hope to limit the damage. Padovani kicks to touch off that scrum, Sheehan has the line-out. 3:51PM · 27 FEB 22 37 minutes – TRY IRELAND (O’Mahony) Much better by Ireland this time, van der Flier made a good carry, Carbery’s passing was excellent throughout that move and O’Mahony – involved at the start of the move – is also there at the end of it, patiently waiting on the wing, before he touched down in the corner. Ireland have a bonus point and they could end up posting a score that would make their points differential just way better than everyone else’s. Ireland 24-3 Italy 3:51PM · 27 FEB 22 39 minutes Carbery misses the conversion 3:52PM · 27 FEB 22 40 minutes – Penalty to Italy within range. Gibson-Park offside. 3:53PM · 27 FEB 22 PENALTY: ITALY (Garbisi) That’s half-time now, Ireland 24-6 Italy. 3:57PM · 27 FEB 22 So, this is a training game in all but name now. Italy reduced to 13 players after their starting hooker, Gianmarco Lucchesi, had to go off injured, his replacement – Epalahame Faiva – got red-carded and the laws dictated that another player had to be withdrawn in circumstances where ‘a team cannot continue with contested scrums’. Ireland have scored four tries and really they could end up with 10 in this game if they are motivated and ruthless enough to do so. To their credit, Italy are continuing to defend with ferocity and pride. It is too tough an ask, though. They can only hope to limit the damage. 4:07PM · 27 FEB 22 Here is the red card explanation. 4:09PM · 27 FEB 22 41 minutes Ireland on the attack again; Italy’s linespeed is great and they have won a penalty after Henshaw was pinged for not releasing. 4:11PM · 27 FEB 22 42 minutes – Garbisi’s penalty is wide; Dave Kilcoyne was poised to come on for Andrew Porter who was nursing a leg injury but the Munster loosehead has to be patient for a little longer. 4:11PM · 27 FEB 22 44 minutes – So Porter is off, Kilcoyne on. 4:12PM · 27 FEB 22 45 minutes - Ireland had won a penalty and off the advantage, Gibson-Park tried a grubber kick which came to nothing. 4:13PM · 27 FEB 22 46 minutes - Italy survive off another uncontested scrum. Lowry’s attempted pass to Hansen doesn’t reach its target. 4:14PM · 27 FEB 22 46 minutes Van der Flier is penalised for not releasing at the breakdown. Brilliant from the Italians; sloppy from Ireland. 4:18PM · 27 FEB 22 48 minutes – Carbery kicks a penalty into Italy’s half. Manuel Zuliani comes in for Niccolň Cannone in the Italian second row; Ireland move off first phase and make a mess of things again, Lowry and Lowe failing to click. 4:20PM · 27 FEB 22 51 minutes TRY IRELAND (Lowe) Sheehan throws short at the line-out and Ireland’s maul pushes the Italians backwards; play moves quickly infield and Lowry’s footwork leads to a penalty. Lowe taps and goes and Ireland, in an instant, get to the Italian line. Beirne carries hard; Gibson-Park then spins a pass wide to Lowe who goes across for his fourth try for Ireland. 4:21PM · 27 FEB 22 53 minutes Carbery misses another conversion. Hume has come on for Ringrose, Sexton for Carbery. Ireland 29-6 Italy 4:22PM · 27 FEB 22 54 minutes Conan has come in for Doris. 4:26PM · 27 FEB 22 56 minutes – TRY IRELAND (Lowry) Nice break by Hansen on the right wing. Eventually it ends up as a scrum for Ireland. From it, Sexton does some great work, takes the ball on the loop, Lowry appeared on his shoulder and scores. TMO checks it and it gets awarded, 34-6 now. 4:27PM · 27 FEB 22 57 minutes – Ireland 36-6 Italy Sexton kicks the conversion. So, if France lose to Wales or England, and if Ireland beat England and Scotland, then the championship could – potentially – come down to points difference. In this respect, they could do with adding another 20 points in the final quarter. 4:30PM · 27 FEB 22 59 minutes – Mack hacks upfield; Garbisi tidies and then clears. From the lineout, Sheehan goes on a charge; Furlong carries next, then Conan has a go; Furlong had O’Mahony as an overlap but didn’t it. Next to have a go is Sheehan and then van der Flier knocks on. The Italian defence, quite simply, has been brilliant. Ireland have been sloppy but credit the visitors for being so brave with 13 players. 4:31PM · 27 FEB 22 61 minutes Furlong, Gibson-Park and Beirne all off; Bealham, Casey and Treadwell come in. Kilcoyne has also replaced Porter. 4:33PM · 27 FEB 22 63 minutes – Sheehan knocks on – and this has been a terrible spectacle since the sending off. Ireland have not clicked; Italy – reduced to 13 players – have stuck at their job. 4:36PM · 27 FEB 22 65 minutes – Treadwell wins the line-out; Casey zips a pass out to Henshaw who tips a pass on to Conan; Ryan Baird looks like getting through but he knocks on. 4:37PM · 27 FEB 22 Caelan Doris goes on an attack. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO 4:38PM · 27 FEB 22 68 minutes – Robbie Henshaw is leaving the field for a HIA. Ringrose returns. 4:39PM · 27 FEB 22 68 minutes – Hansen tries an ambitious kick. It bounces into touch. This has been the worst game I have seen this season. No shape or pattern to it. 4:39PM · 27 FEB 22 69 minutes – Rob Herring is in for Dan Sheehan. 4:40PM · 27 FEB 22 And he begins with a poor throw at the line-out. 4:41PM · 27 FEB 22 TRY IRELAND (Ryan Baird) Ireland 41-6 Italy First international try for Baird who blocked Fusco’s boxkick and then follows up to score. 4:42PM · 27 FEB 22 71 minutes – Sexton adds the conversion It is now Ireland 43-6 Italy There are another 14 points to be gained here – and if it comes down to points difference, those scores could turn out to be crucial. 4:43PM · 27 FEB 22 73 minutes – Ringrose tries a clever grubber which Mike Lowry reads well but the ball bounces unkindly into touch. 4:46PM · 27 FEB 22 75 minutes – Much better from Ireland, Casey was superb in his orchestration of that move. Some good carries, too. Steyn could be yellow carded here for deliberately palming the ball into touch. And he is. Italy are now down to 12. 4:47PM · 27 FEB 22 75 minutes – Josh van der Flier has been named player of the match. 4:48PM · 27 FEB 22 Ireland should score here, 15 v 12. Seriously … even the ball boy would get over. 4:49PM · 27 FEB 22 So Sexton and Hume exchanged passes, Lowry received possession with the chance of getting his hat-trick but selflessly passes wide instead to Lowe who scores in the corner; Sexton adds the conversion and Ireland are now 50-6 ahead. Another score is in them, it is 15 versus 12 remember. 4:51PM · 27 FEB 22 78 minutes Nice break from Ireland; Herring ran a great line but then panicked and threw infield when he had an overlap to his right. Sexton’s dummy created the chance. 4:52PM · 27 FEB 22 78 minutes – Sexton’s crossfield kick is carried into touch by Fusco. Ireland are five metres from the Italian line; Herring finds Treadwell; maul moves forward; Casey tries to get across, fails, then Bealham has a go. Camped on the Italian line, van der Flier makes an attempt to cross and is held up. It is a goalline drop-out. 4:54PM · 27 FEB 22 TRY IRELAND (Treadwell) Ireland 55-6 Italy 4:55PM · 27 FEB 22 Try created by Conan and Casey, the former with a direct carry, the latter with the awareness to know Treadwell was appearing on his shoulder. 4:55PM · 27 FEB 22 FULL-TIME: Ireland 57-6 Italy Sexton converts. 4:58PM · 27 FEB 22 So, Ireland win by 51 points and yet this was a damp squib. Italy finished the game with 12 players; Ireland failed to click. There were plenty of unforced errors and also plenty of tries. To Italy’s credit, their linespeed was superb and their spirit prevented this game from being absolutely horrific in terms of the scoreline. Down the line, this may help Ireland as the points differential could come into play. But really, this was horrific to watch. For Italy to lose two players on the back of one red card is an issue that will not sit well with anyone. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000084_A000002	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/watch-pushed-shoved-and-shot-at-south-africans-fleeing-ukraine-claim-poor-treatment-at-border-20220227	ZAF	South African students stuck in Ukraine say they are being denied access at the Polish border.In video footage from one student, Ukrainians are separated from Africans.The Department of International Relations and Cooperation is concerned about reports students were allegedly shot at. South African students stuck in Ukraine are believed to have been poorly treated at the Polish border as efforts to get them home continue.Video footage from a student depicts Ukrainians being separated from Africans. The student said South Africans were pushed, shoved and denied access to the border.Students can also be seen waiting outside in the cold in big groups. Ukraine Crisis Evacuation Committee member Lorraine Blauw said the problem at the moment was at the border. The Ukrainians have decided to set up international territory in the middle where they are separating Indians and Africans. They are letting people wait; we have Congolese people stuck for two days and had their passports taken away. This morning, students were beaten because they didnt stand in the black line, she added. LIVE COVERAGE Blauw said the situation was horrible at the moment. These soldiers have taken it upon themselves to let the Ukrainian woman and children go first and to let our people be stuck with no shelter, food or water. The stranded students went abroad to pursue their studies in medicine at Ukrainian universities. They have now been caught in the middle of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. READ | Department of International Relations and Cooperation spokesperson Clayson Monyela said the department was concerned about the current situation. Our ambassadors are on the ground to assist in getting students to neighbouring countries; its not easy because Africans are not being prioritised. In fact, we have received reports that students have been shot at. We have to be on the ground to assist them in crossing. Our main priority is to get them to cross the border, especially in Poland, where that is the main issue, he added. We want to hear your views on the news. to be part of the conversation in the comments section of this article. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000084_A000026	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/channel/gossip/royal-news/queen-elizabeth-cancels-diplomatic-reception-amid-russia-and-ukraine-crisis-20220227	ZAF	Queen Elizabeth Photo: Dan Kitwood - WPA Pool /Getty Images Queen Elizabeth on Saturday took the advice of the UKs Foreign Secretary in cancelling a diplomatic reception, Buckingham Palace said.The Queen has accepted the Foreign Secretarys advice that the Diplomatic Reception at Windsor on Wednesday 2nd March should be postponed, the palace said in a press release.Neither the queens office nor the foreign ministry has so far given a reason for the postponement, however it is thought that the decision was advised as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues to develop.The queen and other members of the royal family were set to welcome over 500 members of the diplomatic corps for an annual meeting to Windsor Castle on Wednesday, 2 March. The cancellation follows two separate statements made by her grandchildren in support of Ukraine. said, We stand with the people of Ukraine, in a statement on their Archewell website. Prince William and Kate Middleton followed suite in what was a . In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President (Volodymyr) Zelenskiy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future, they wrote on Twitter.The reception is just another in a string of engagements to be cancelled this week as Queen Elizabeth battles with symptoms of Covid-19.The monarch on Thursday after she tested positive for coronavirus over the weekend, Buckingham Palace said.The queen, who is in her record-breaking 70th year on the throne, planned for Tuesday but We live in a world where facts and fiction get blurred In times of uncertainty you need journalism you can trust. For 14 free days, you can have access to a world of in-depth analyses, investigative journalism, top opinions and a range of features. Journalism strengthens democracy. Invest in the future today. Thereafter you will be billed R75 per month. You can cancel anytime and if you cancel within 14 days you wont be billed. 
20220227_144857_tza_C000088_A000002	allafrica.com	https://allafrica.com/stories/202202270006.html	TZA	TIGO Tanzania has planted 1,000 tree seedlings as part of its ongoing initiative, Tigo Green for Kili, One Step One Tree in the Kilimanjaro region. The planting of the 1,000 tree seedlings in Kwa-Sadala village in Hai district, Kilimanjaro region kicked off the second phase of the project for the year 2022. Speaking to journalists during the planting of the tree seedlings at Kwa-Sadala in Hai, Kilimanjaro region, Tigo Tanzania Northern Zone Director, Henry Kinabo said, Our tree planting initiative is now in its second phase. He said that they decided to pick up on the tree planting exercise during this rainy season for seedlings to thrive. This year we look forward to planting over 20,000 tree seedlings which will in turn reduce the adverse impact of global warming and subsequently help in restoring the snow on Mt. Kilimanjaro. I would like to commend the Voice of Empowered Women Foundation VOEWOFO for coordinating and organizing this noble cause, because this has been no easy feat, considering the weather has not been favorable to us, it was dry in most parts of the region, but this year things are looking good, that is why we are hitting the ground running by planting 1,000 trees seedlings today. The National Environment Management Council (NEMC) - Northern Zone Director- Dr Lewis Nzali, said, as the organization mandated with preserving the environment, am privileged to officiate the second phase of the tree planting venture sponsored by Tigo Tanzania. This forward-looking project will ensure a green Kilimanjaro for years to come. Speaking at the event, the VOEWOFO Human Resources and Board Member, Neema Mahimbo applauded Tigo for continuing its project to conserve the flora around Mt.Kilimanjaro. We look forward to continuing working with Tigo and other stakeholders, as we reignite this project. We believe that with Tigos support, we are a step closer to reaching our target and contributing to a greener Kilimanjaro for future generations. The Tigo Green for Kili, One Step One Tree initiative was launched in late February 2021, with a key aim of conserving the snow and flora around Mt. Kilimanjaro. In the first phase, Tigo in collaboration with different stakeholders from both the private and public sector collected over 30,000 tree seedlings but managed to plant over 11,000 tree seedlings. 
20220227_144857_tza_C000088_A000034	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/moon-mercury-saturn-conjunctions-february-2022	TZA	You may be able to watch the moon cluster up with ringed and fleeting on Monday (Feb. 28), but it will be a considerable challenge.The three worlds will be clustered extra-close to the southeastern horizon as the sun is rising. Saturn is at magnitude 0.7 and Mercury at a brighter -0.1. (For perspective, most people can see stars down to 6 in dark-sky conditions.)According to the skywatching site , neither of the lunar-planetary conjunctions will be visible from New York City (which admittedly, has a fair share of light pollution interference) given that the two worlds will be within five degrees of the horizon at dawn. For reference, your clenched fist held at an arms length is about 10 degrees wide. Closer to the equator and farther south, viewing conditions will be better, as Mercury and Saturn will be higher in the sky before the sun rises and the planets fade into daylight.But you might get lucky with the right equipment or in a darker or different area. If youre looking for binoculars or a telescope to see planets in the night sky, check our our guide for the and the . If you need equipment, consider our and to prepare for the next planet sight.Related: See Saturn, Mercury and the moon?If you take a photograph of Saturn, Mercury and the moon let us know! You can send images and comments in to spacephotos@space.com.You will still have opportunities to spot other planets, however. The moon, which will reach on Wednesday (March 2), might be visible through the thick atmosphere close to our horizon. Farther up, you can spot bright (in red) and (above Mars, shining brightly in white). Venus and Mars are easily visible to the naked eye and were just in close alignment (or conjunction) with the moon on Sunday (Feb. 27). Worlds commonly come close to each other in Earths sky because the planets, moon and sun all share the same approximate pathway, called the .If youre up for even more planet-gazing, NASA urges you to get out also in the evening to look for Jupiter in the twilight sky. It will be your last chance to easily see a planet in the early evening until August, the agency ; this period will be the first time since 2018 with no bright planets visible after sunset.The post-sunset sky will be essentially devoid of naked-eye planets until August, when Saturn will start rising in the east around sunset, NASA wrote. Theres a short period, though, in April and May when you might be able to spot Mercury as it pops briefly above the horizon.Follow Elizabeth Howell on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or Facebook. to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220227_144857_tza_C000088_A000035	www.eatthis.com	https://www.eatthis.com/eating-habits-family-history-high-blood-pressure/	TZA	If you know runs in your family, consider yourself lucky. You now have a clear warning sign to prompt you to take steps to prevent developing hypertension yourself, like changing your . See, high blood pressure is often called the silent killer. Most people with have no recognizable symptoms, even when a blood pressure checkup reveals your BP is dangerously high, according to the Mayo Clinic. So, by knowing that a parent, uncle, aunt, or some other member of your family has hypertension, you know you may have a genetic predisposition to developing high blood pressure, too. But dont blame genes alone. Families tend to share the same eating, exercise, and other lifestyle habits, such as smoking and . That means examining your own eating habits and the lifestyle practices of your family members can tip you off to changes you may need to make if you want to avoid the same fate. And theres good cause for taking the time to investigate because high blood pressure tends to lead to serious chronic diseases like , kidney failure, and stroke. How to change your health trajectory through your diet. You cant stop aging or change your genetics, but you can adjust your lifestyle habits, like what you eat every day, to reduce your risk of high blood pressure. A study in , the journal of the American Heart Association, determined that lifestyle modification is a powerful tool for avoiding hypertension even in people in high genetic risk groups. Researchers analyzed 314 studies involving more than 2 million people without previous cardiovascular disease and scored participants according to such lifestyle factors as body mass index, diet, sedentary behavior, alcohol consumption, and smoking. Comparing people with a healthy lifestyle to those with poor eating habits and other negative behavior factors, the researchers determined that those with healthy habits had a 31% lower risk of high blood pressure and even when they had a family history of hypertension. The takeaway is that you can play a significant role in changing your health trajectory even if high blood pressure and heart disease are present in your family. And you can start by making improvements to something you have ultimate control over—your diet. Begin reducing your high blood pressure risks by adopting these key eating habits, and for more on how to eat healthy, dont miss . ShutterstockBy doing so regularly, you will automatically reduce the amount of in your diet. And sodium has a big impact on your blood pressure. When you eat too much salt, its harder for your kidneys to remove water from your body. The fluid builds up and increases your blood pressure. The recommend eating approximately 2,300 milligrams (mg) of sodium per day, which is enough if you are only using salt to season your meals. Most Americans consume much more than 2,300 mg, mostly from fast foods, processed foods, canned goods, and frozen foods, says registered dietitian nutritionist Su-Nui Escobar, RDN, with . She says that making a habit of the following four steps can significantly improve your heart health: Taste your food before using the salt shaker; youll likely find the food is tasty without the extra salt. Limit the number of fast-food meals you eat. Significantly reduce your intake of prepared foods, such as processed foods and frozen dinners, . Choose fresh over frozen and canned foods. Even canned vegetables contain lots of sodium as a preservative. Rinse with water before eating. Sign up for our newsletter! ShutterstockThis advice pertains to everyone but especially to people with a family history of high blood pressure. Limit meat consumption at meals to a 3-ounce portion—about the size of the palm of your hand—treat highly marbled and as a rare treat, trim the fat from all cuts of meat, choose low-fat dairy, and significantly increase the amount of fruits, vegetables, and fiber you consume daily, says registered dietitian nutritionist , a contributor to . Foods high in saturated fat create the perfect storm of trouble for heart health, clogging arteries, raising bad (LDL) cholesterol, and contributing to high blood pressure, adds Schilling. If you cant give up your red meat, at least choose leaner cuts like sirloin, round, or extra-lean ground beef. RELATED: ShutterstockNot only are like sausage, bacon, and deli meats high in saturated fats, they are loaded with sodium and other preservatives that are unhealthy for your heart, says Melissa Mitri, RD, a registered dietitian for .6254a4d1642c605c54bf1cab17d50f1e Make a habit of limiting your processed meat intake as much as possible, she says. Clinical research shows doing that can have an impact. One study in the found that women who consumed more than five servings of processed red meat per week had a 17% higher rate of high blood pressure than that of women who ate less than a serving per week. ShutterstockWe have a very good idea about two diets that do a very good job (of lowering blood pressure and preventing heart disease) in randomized clinical trials, says , an integrative medicine doctor and anesthesiologist who writes the blog. They are the and the . The Mediterranean diet is based on the traditional foods of the countries bordering the Mediterranean Sea and focuses on , like vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, seeds, whole grains, herbs, some fish, poultry, and dairy. Olive oil is the main source of fat. It mostly shuns processed foods, sweets, and red meats. stands for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension and is a heart-healthy eating plan designed specifically to avoid high blood pressure. The DASH eating plan incorporates many of the same low-sodium foods at the Mediterranean diet, but specifies daily and weekly nutritional goals. Both eating styles are routinely suggested by dietitians and doctors for patients with high blood pressure, but these diets are not fail-safe cures because medicine is never one size fits all, Dr. Kaveh says. We can go through a laundry list of every food in the DASH and Mediterranean diets, but if they dont resonate with the patients cultural values or what they like, and its not sustainable, its a waste of time, he says. The ultimate tool is for patients to know themselves and experiment to find healthy foods that they enjoy. READ MORE: ShutterstockThe essential mineral eases the tension on the walls of your blood vessels, which in turn lowers blood pressure, according to the . It helps your kidneys remove sodium from your body through urination. So, its important to get enough potassium in your diet to prevent hypertension. The best way to eat enough potassium is making sure you eat fresh vegetables and fruits every day, says Escobar. Top sources include beans, lentils and other legumes, bananas, leafy greens, broccoli, and nuts. READ MORE: Courtesy of Shutterstock in a bag such as potato chips and cookies, and baked foods like pastries and bagels are very high in sodium, calories, sometimes saturated fat and added sugars, all of which can contribute to metabolic disorders like heart disease. But theres another thing these foods do thats detrimental to a healthy blood pressure. They are highly palatable so they encourage overeating and increase the risk of weight gain, says Mitri. And weight gain, especially obesity, is a strong risk factor for hypertension. You can add soda to the list of high sugar, high-calorie items to nix that play a big role in obesity and, subsequently, high blood pressure, Mitri says. Replace soda with these . 
20220227_144857_nga_C000090_A000016	guardian.ng	https://guardian.ng/business-services/seplat-to-acquire-exxonmobil-assets-in-nigeria/	NGA	Seplat Energy Plc, has unveiled its plans to acquire the entire share capital of Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited (MPNU) from Exxon Mobil Corporation Delaware (USA Incorporated). Confirming the deal, Chief Financial Officer, Seplat, Emeka Onwuka said the arrangements have reached advanced stage while completion of the transaction is subject to ministerial consent and other required regulatory approvals. This is seeing as the first transaction to be announced since the Federal Government ratified Petroleum Industry Act (PIA). According to the transaction summary, Seplat Energy Offshore Limited, a wholly owned Nigerian subsidiary of Seplat Energy Plc, has entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire the entire share capital of MPNU for a purchase price of $1,283 million plus up to $300 million contingent consideration, subject to lockbox, working capital and other adjustments at closing relative to the effective date. “The Transaction encompasses the acquisition of the entire offshore shallow water business of ExxonMobil in Nigeria, which is an established, high-quality operation with a highly skilled local operating team and a track record of safe operations, producing 95,000 of oil per day (kboepd) in 2020,” it stated. Seplat said the buy over does not include ExxonMobil’s deep-water assets in Nigeria. It stated that the transaction would create one of the largest independent energy companies on both the Nigerian and London Stock Exchanges, and bolster Seplat Energy’s ability to drive increased growth, profitability and overall stakeholder prosperity. Seplat said the cash consideration payable under the transaction will be funded through a combination of existing cash resources and credit facilities of Seplat Energy, and a new $550 million senior term loan facility and $275 million junior off take facility. Also, a global financing syndicate comprising Nigerian and international banks, as well as commodity-trading companies will aid the deal. According to the agreement, the transaction will not result in any changes to the Board of Seplat Energy. The company currently expects the transaction to close in second half of 2022. Commenting on the development, Chairman of Seplat Energy, Dr. Bryant (ABC) Orjiako, said: “This is a transformational acquisition for Seplat Energy that strengthens our partnership with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Limited, and consummates the spirit of the newly enacted PIA. “As a significantly larger business, with a stronger resource base and greatly enhanced capabilities, we will be better positioned to provide sustainable energy solutions that drive growth and profitability for the benefit of all our stakeholders, particularly our host communities and the wider Nigerian economy. “We fully support the aims of the Federal Government’s “Decade of Gas”, and this acquisition will accelerate our development of Nigeria’s gas resources to help achieve a just transition for our rapidly growing country.” Chief Executive Officer of Seplat Energy, Roger Brown, said: “This transaction underpins Seplat Energy’s drive to be a leader in the growth of the indigenous independent energy sector in Nigeria. “The acquisition is a perfect fit with our strategy to build a sustainable business and deliver energy transition in Nigeria. Our financial strength has enabled us to attract high quality local and international capital providers to fund this transaction without diluting our existing shareholders and reflects our deliberate approach to capital allocation. “We are determined to drive our growth through the extensive low-cost and low-risk production opportunities it delivers in the near term, whilst also developing longer-term opportunities to monetise our significant gas resources through domestic and export opportunities. “This is a win-win for both companies. Together, we will strengthen our focus on profitability and cash generation to reinvest in Nigeria’s energy development. “MPNU’s employees and contractors have a strong reputation for safety and operational excellence, and I look forward to welcoming them to the Seplat Energy family,” he stated. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000101_A000002	www.aljazeera.com	https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/2/27/we-are-going-to-defend-ourselves-ukrainians-join-war-front	LVA	Vladimir Pavluk approaches the border crossing between Poland and Ukraine as if he was taking a Sunday walk. The 26-year-old from Odesa, who worked in Poland as a taxi driver, carries a large rucksack and enjoys the last rays of Polish sun. His girlfriend tightly holds his hand. “It’s a terrible feeling when they bomb your home,” he says with a calm voice. “The war started and we have to go back. I fought between 2015 and 2019 so I know what to do. My girlfriend will stay here.” A short brunette in a black hoodie bursts into tears. They walk away. Since the beginning of the of Ukraine, hundreds of Ukrainians in the conscription age have been crossing the border to join the army back home. Men from different angles of life, different ages and levels of military training have decided to leave the safety of the European Union and support Ukraine against the Russian invasion. In the Russian official narrative, those who fight against the aggression are labelled as Nazis who hate Russia, the Russian culture and the Russian language. “We don’t think about that, we know it’s a lie,” answers Vitaly, 27, from Zaporozhe in central Ukraine, in impeccable Russian. “We know our country, we know our government, we know our people and ourselves. We speak both Russian and Ukrainian. We don’t have a problem with the language.” Vitaly came to the Polish border all the way from Estonia. He has not been able to contact his family for the past 16 hours. He would like to go to his hometown first but he says he will go wherever the army needs him most. This will be his first war. “I have never fought in my life. I went through a military training a long time ago, but this is not stopping me. There are no words to describe how I feel,” he says. “We’ve never wanted to fight, we haven’t invaded anyone, we are going to defend ourselves. There are sanctions against Russia but we understand that there are many things that our and your leaders don’t say. All we can do is mobilise.” Vitaly is not alone. Three of his Ukrainian friends from Estonia are standing next to him in a queue. They are not new to the fight and are ready to support their inexperienced friend. Alexander, 38, fought alongside the Ukrainian army against Donbas separatists. He is calm. He knows he has no choice but to go back to fight. “I expected this to happen. When the embassies got evacuated I understood that the war would begin. I was not surprised,” he tells Al Jazeera. “I’m going back to defend my country, my family, my land.” They pass through the border amid encouraging chants: Slava Ukrainie! Geroyom Slava! [Glory to Ukraine! Glory to the heroes!] Most of those crossing back to Ukraine are in their twenties and thirties. But not Yaroslav. His grey hair and long grey moustache make him look like the other soldiers’ grandfather. His black beret with a pin bearing the Ukrainian flag give his look an aura of original eccentricity. Yaroslav is 59, which means he is in his final year of mandatory conscription. “I’m rushing back home because this is the last call to support the defence effort. I have worked in Poland as a driver for six years. Now I’ve decided to go back to help my army,” he says passionately. “When I heard about the war expanding I felt that I have to go back home. I never fought in any war. I was in the army back in the Soviet times so I remember how to use the gun.” Yaroslav, 59, has never fought in any war but decided to leave Poland and support the Ukrainian army [Agnieszka Pikulicka-Wilczewska/Al Jazeera] Most of the people gathered at the border admire the courage and patriotism of the men and women crossing back into Ukraine. Except for Nikolai. The 59-year old, unlike Yaroslav, does not think he is suited for war. He watches the conscripts passing by and tears fill his eyes. He holds a banner that says “Warsaw”. He offers a free ride to the Polish capital Warsaw to Ukrainians who, like him, decided to . He is also awaiting the arrival of his elderly mother who is the last one of his relatives to arrive into safety. Nikolai was lucky. He decided to evacuate his family, including his son and nephews, from Poltava, not far from the Russian border, just before the government banned men in the conscription age from leaving the country. “America has failed us. So I decided to take my kids from Ukraine and give them the opportunity to live here, so that they don’t have to fight against tanks and missiles,” he says. “Young people go to Ukraine as cannon fodder. They go there to fight against planes and tanks. They’ll be killed by missiles. And if they hide in the cellars with guns, what’s the point of all that?” He believes that Ukraine can win the war. But not in case its soldiers are confronted by planes and tanks. The former dentist does not know yet what he will do in Poland. But he is certain his will be a better fate than those who go back. On 23rd February, the day before the war began, his son’s wife gave birth in a Polish hospital. “I tell to all the boys going back what they are signing up for,” Nikolai says. “Nobody will be able to defend them.” But over the past days, the Ukrainian army has been successful in deterring Russian forces attacking its main cities. According to reports, applications from people who are interested in joining the fight are processed slowly. There are enough soldiers resisting the enemy. “Since 2014 we’ve seen a rebirth of patriotism in Ukraine, people opened their eyes,” says Alexander, the 38-year-old who lived in Estonia. “We have realised that Russia is not white and fluffy. It can only bring destruction.” VIDEO 
20220227_144857_lva_C000101_A000033	www.republicworld.com	https://www.republicworld.com/science/space/nasas-curiosity-rover-finds-image-of-bizzare-flower-shaped-rock-on-mars-made-of-minerals-articleshow.html	LVA	While treading into the barren Martian land, NASAs Curiosity rover has stumbled upon a strange rock that looks like a flower. The enticing photograph of the object was shared by Curiosity deputy project scientist Abigail Fraeman who revealed what this microscopic image really is about. Taking to Twitter, she revealed that the enticing object is actually a mineral formation that resulted from the mineral precipitating from water. Your Friday moment of zen: A beautiful new microscopic image from @MarsCuriosity shows teeny, tiny delicate structures that formed by mineral precipitating from water, Fraeman wrote in her tweet. In a second tweet, the scientist said that the mission team has found such structures in the past. These structures are the most prominent at the Pahrump Hills region on Mars and, according to Fraeman, these features were made of salts called sulfates. Explaining the new picture, The Curiosity mission team said that it was created by stitching two to eight separate images captured by the Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) aboard the rover. The team informed that the image was merged into one to reduce the number of images sent to Earth. Because the MAHLI focus merge is performed on Mars, it also serves as a means to reduce the number of images sent back to Earth. Each focus merge produces two images: a color, best-focus product and a black-and-white image that scientists can use to estimate focus position for each element of the best focus product, the team said in a report. Curiosity snaps clouds drifting in the Martian sky In its recent milestone, the rover had captured images of the clouds on Mars using its navigation camera which was then converted into 8-frame GIFs. According to the mission team, the images were taken on December 12, 2021, the 3,325th Martian day, or sol, of the mission and they show shadows of the clouds drifting across the terrain. Moreover, the clouds were calculated drifting at a speed of nearly 80 kilometres and are extremely cold, suggesting they are composed of carbon dioxide ice instead of water ice clouds. Image: Twitter/@abbyfrae 
20220227_144857_lva_C000101_A000037	www.eatthis.com	https://www.eatthis.com/eating-habits-family-history-high-blood-pressure/	LVA	If you know runs in your family, consider yourself lucky. You now have a clear warning sign to prompt you to take steps to prevent developing hypertension yourself, like changing your . See, high blood pressure is often called the silent killer. Most people with have no recognizable symptoms, even when a blood pressure checkup reveals your BP is dangerously high, according to the Mayo Clinic. So, by knowing that a parent, uncle, aunt, or some other member of your family has hypertension, you know you may have a genetic predisposition to developing high blood pressure, too. But dont blame genes alone. Families tend to share the same eating, exercise, and other lifestyle habits, such as smoking and . That means examining your own eating habits and the lifestyle practices of your family members can tip you off to changes you may need to make if you want to avoid the same fate. And theres good cause for taking the time to investigate because high blood pressure tends to lead to serious chronic diseases like , kidney failure, and stroke. How to change your health trajectory through your diet. You cant stop aging or change your genetics, but you can adjust your lifestyle habits, like what you eat every day, to reduce your risk of high blood pressure. A study in , the journal of the American Heart Association, determined that lifestyle modification is a powerful tool for avoiding hypertension even in people in high genetic risk groups. Researchers analyzed 314 studies involving more than 2 million people without previous cardiovascular disease and scored participants according to such lifestyle factors as body mass index, diet, sedentary behavior, alcohol consumption, and smoking. Comparing people with a healthy lifestyle to those with poor eating habits and other negative behavior factors, the researchers determined that those with healthy habits had a 31% lower risk of high blood pressure and even when they had a family history of hypertension. The takeaway is that you can play a significant role in changing your health trajectory even if high blood pressure and heart disease are present in your family. And you can start by making improvements to something you have ultimate control over—your diet. Begin reducing your high blood pressure risks by adopting these key eating habits, and for more on how to eat healthy, dont miss . ShutterstockBy doing so regularly, you will automatically reduce the amount of in your diet. And sodium has a big impact on your blood pressure. When you eat too much salt, its harder for your kidneys to remove water from your body. The fluid builds up and increases your blood pressure. The recommend eating approximately 2,300 milligrams (mg) of sodium per day, which is enough if you are only using salt to season your meals. Most Americans consume much more than 2,300 mg, mostly from fast foods, processed foods, canned goods, and frozen foods, says registered dietitian nutritionist Su-Nui Escobar, RDN, with . She says that making a habit of the following four steps can significantly improve your heart health: Taste your food before using the salt shaker; youll likely find the food is tasty without the extra salt. Limit the number of fast-food meals you eat. Significantly reduce your intake of prepared foods, such as processed foods and frozen dinners, . Choose fresh over frozen and canned foods. Even canned vegetables contain lots of sodium as a preservative. Rinse with water before eating. Sign up for our newsletter! ShutterstockThis advice pertains to everyone but especially to people with a family history of high blood pressure. Limit meat consumption at meals to a 3-ounce portion—about the size of the palm of your hand—treat highly marbled and as a rare treat, trim the fat from all cuts of meat, choose low-fat dairy, and significantly increase the amount of fruits, vegetables, and fiber you consume daily, says registered dietitian nutritionist , a contributor to . Foods high in saturated fat create the perfect storm of trouble for heart health, clogging arteries, raising bad (LDL) cholesterol, and contributing to high blood pressure, adds Schilling. If you cant give up your red meat, at least choose leaner cuts like sirloin, round, or extra-lean ground beef. RELATED: ShutterstockNot only are like sausage, bacon, and deli meats high in saturated fats, they are loaded with sodium and other preservatives that are unhealthy for your heart, says Melissa Mitri, RD, a registered dietitian for .6254a4d1642c605c54bf1cab17d50f1e Make a habit of limiting your processed meat intake as much as possible, she says. Clinical research shows doing that can have an impact. One study in the found that women who consumed more than five servings of processed red meat per week had a 17% higher rate of high blood pressure than that of women who ate less than a serving per week. ShutterstockWe have a very good idea about two diets that do a very good job (of lowering blood pressure and preventing heart disease) in randomized clinical trials, says , an integrative medicine doctor and anesthesiologist who writes the blog. They are the and the . The Mediterranean diet is based on the traditional foods of the countries bordering the Mediterranean Sea and focuses on , like vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, seeds, whole grains, herbs, some fish, poultry, and dairy. Olive oil is the main source of fat. It mostly shuns processed foods, sweets, and red meats. stands for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension and is a heart-healthy eating plan designed specifically to avoid high blood pressure. The DASH eating plan incorporates many of the same low-sodium foods at the Mediterranean diet, but specifies daily and weekly nutritional goals. Both eating styles are routinely suggested by dietitians and doctors for patients with high blood pressure, but these diets are not fail-safe cures because medicine is never one size fits all, Dr. Kaveh says. We can go through a laundry list of every food in the DASH and Mediterranean diets, but if they dont resonate with the patients cultural values or what they like, and its not sustainable, its a waste of time, he says. The ultimate tool is for patients to know themselves and experiment to find healthy foods that they enjoy. READ MORE: ShutterstockThe essential mineral eases the tension on the walls of your blood vessels, which in turn lowers blood pressure, according to the . It helps your kidneys remove sodium from your body through urination. So, its important to get enough potassium in your diet to prevent hypertension. The best way to eat enough potassium is making sure you eat fresh vegetables and fruits every day, says Escobar. Top sources include beans, lentils and other legumes, bananas, leafy greens, broccoli, and nuts. READ MORE: Courtesy of Shutterstock in a bag such as potato chips and cookies, and baked foods like pastries and bagels are very high in sodium, calories, sometimes saturated fat and added sugars, all of which can contribute to metabolic disorders like heart disease. But theres another thing these foods do thats detrimental to a healthy blood pressure. They are highly palatable so they encourage overeating and increase the risk of weight gain, says Mitri. And weight gain, especially obesity, is a strong risk factor for hypertension. You can add soda to the list of high sugar, high-calorie items to nix that play a big role in obesity and, subsequently, high blood pressure, Mitri says. Replace soda with these . 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000114_A000006	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/national/health/coronavirus/127894442/two-years-of-covid19-in-new-zealand-virus-variants-and-vaccines	NZL	One year ago, as since its , Professor Michael Baker was quietly optimistic about what February 28, 2022, would look like. The epidemiologist pointed to and border security and told Stuff he thought would be mostly eliminated from Aotearoa by then. As the second anniversary of Covid in New Zealand dawned on Monday, there were .DAVID WHITE/STUFFThe second anniversary of Covid arriving in New Zealand looks very different to the first. New variants and vaccines have been the biggest changes of the past year, Baker said. “Two years on, its still those two forces, if you like, the arms race between us and the virus.” Early on in the pandemic, no-one expected it to last for as long as it has, Baker said. Now the outlook has changed; he’s not predicting it will end soon. READ MORE: * * * After Omicron has peaked, it’s likely we’ll see a “period of relative calm”, he said, with the combination of vaccination rates and residual immunity from Omicron keeping case numbers low. Then things get “less predictable” as the virus likely evolves to evade the immunity left by Omicron.Ross Giblin/StuffMichael Baker said it’s likely there will be a period of calm after the Omicron wave before new variants arrive. Looking to February 2023, microbiologist Dr Siouxsie Wiles said it wasn’t a question of whether there will be another variant – but what letter of the Greek alphabet we’ll be at then. “Whats so depressing is that, you know, globally, the response has been an absolute failure,” she said. This failure – both to stop transmission and to – allowed more infectious variants to evolve. Now New Zealand has moved from an elimination to mitigation model, the country needs to consider who bears the burden of the virus, Wiles said. “Our response has shown how inequities play a role and how they make the whole country vulnerable. “The thing that really depresses me is when I look at the .” Despite the Waitangi Tribunal finding the in its pandemic response, and did not focus enough on Maori in the vaccine rollout, “the same disparities are now appearing” in the children’s rollout, Wiles said.Abigail Dougherty/StuffSiouxsie Wiles says she’s frustrated that lessons havent been learnt from the disparities in the vaccine rollout. Wiles and Baker agreed one of the biggest question marks hangs over - what its impact will be on individuals, the workforce, the healthcare system. “We really need to know a lot more about long Covid to adjust how much effort we put into managing it,” Baker said. “It’s a big unknown area. And really, its hugely important, because if this virus creates anything like the burden of long-term infection that some people estimated, its just way above influenza in terms of its impact.” Wiles said her “big hope” for the next year was that one of the hundreds of vaccines currently in clinical trial will prove better at stopping transmission. But we can’t wait while we hope, she said. is one of the big things that deserves immediate investment to protect against Covid and a host of other diseases, she said. Baker wasn’t hopeful there would be “huge advances” in vaccines over the next year but said it was likely antivirals would get better and more available. “With rapid antigen tests and antivirals, people who are particularly vulnerable will have another tool they can use … So thats a big, big advance in technology.” 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000123_A000023	wwd.com	https://wwd.com/fashion-news/fashion-scoops/alessandro-michele-house-of-gucci-reaction-1235106504/	BWA	With its all-star cast, “Godfather”-like, soap opera plot and sumptuous costumes, has been a pop culture hit. Though many critics panned the film, Lady Gaga garnered a Golden Globe nomination for her somewhat cheesy portrayal of Patrizia Reggiani, who spent 18 years in prison for hiring a hitman to murder her ex-husband and house scion Maurizio (played by Adam Driver in the film). When current Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele in November, professing his love of Hollywood, he had not seen the film and was not sure that he would. But during an interview before the where Michele shared that he has now seen the film (which incidentally, is ), and he has a few opinions. “I came in the company when I was 30, and now I’m almost 50,” he said. “I want to say I met a lot of people who worked with the family, and they were so sophisticated, in contact with beautiful people, they were artists and collectors.” (Indeed, the Gucci family released a after the film’s release, stating that the dramatized film insulted the Gucci legacy.) “How beautiful Paolo [Gucci] was, how creative and how well he spoke…that’s the real thing,” Michele continued, disputing his friend and Gucci collaborator Jared Leto’s buffoonish take on Paolo, who was a designer in his own right and had a label under his own name. “They spoke good English, all the men looked so handsome and sophisticated, one was a big movie star in Italy,” he said, referring to patriarch Rodolfo Gucci, who was a renowned film actor, but portrayed by Jeremy Irons in the film in a somewhat cartoonish way. “It’s like they are telling something that is pretty strange,” Michele continued about the Ridley Scott directed film. Of course, Michele, who wanted to be a costume designer before becoming a fashion designer, knows Hollywood — from making friends and collaborators of a constellation of stars, including Gus Van Sant, with whom he codirected the seven-part “Ouverture” Guccifest mini series. “A movie is always something that has a point of view, but I did enjoy that it’s clear that Gucci is powerful, it’s something that belongs not to fashion but to the world’s imagination. They can create something completely new, with the story of the family, with all the most famous actors, one who is a friend of mine, that’s the proof Gucci is pop.” 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000123_A000035	www.sciencealert.com	https://www.sciencealert.com/here-s-the-impact-that-walkable-neighborhoods-can-have-on-your-physical-health	BWA	How we plan neighborhoods can shape the health of entire communities. When more than half the world now lives in urban areas, its more important than ever to design streets and parks conducive to walking, running, and cycling. A review of large, population-based studies describes numerous ways walkable, activity-friendly cities are linked to improved metabolic health.A of 14 cities in 10 countries, for instance, found residents living in neighborhoods that were easily walkable and had transit options other than driving got nearly 90 minutes of extra exercise per week under their belt compared to the least activity-friendly neighborhoods.The authors of the review admit that some bias might be sneaking into these results. Fitter individuals, for instance, might choose to live in areas that suit their interests. On the other hand, poor walkability in some neighborhoods might reflect the link between socioeconomic status and health more than anything else.Nevertheless, that examined how individual activity changes when people move houses also found evidence that greater access to shops, paths, parks, and public transport can lead someone to perform upwards of 16 additional minutes of physical activity per week.Although studies comparing physical activity and urban design are important, another potentially more important line of inquiry is how this extra activity impacts , hypertension, and cardiovascular health. One in Canada, which included more than 30,000 participants, found the prevalence of obesity in a highly walkable area was as many as 10 percentage points lower when compared to one with low walkability.An even larger of 1.1 million healthy adults found the likelihood of pre-diabetes developing over eight years was 20 percent higher in less walkable neighborhoods. Some initial research suggests there might even be an association between an areas walkability and markers of glycemic control and insulin resistance. However, the reviewers say few of these studies adequately controlled for socioeconomic status and race.Markers of cardiovascular health, on the other hand, appear more clearly impacted. A population-based in Canada, for instance, found moving from an unwalkable neighborhood to a highly walkable one was linked to a 54 percent reduction in the development of high blood pressure over the course of a decade. Other population-based studies in Australia, the United States, and the United Kingdom largely support these results.In the end, the authors of the review conclude that a large number of globally representative studies suggest denser, more walkable cities can help improve the metabolic health of a community in a clinically meaningful way. That said, further research is still needed, especially when teasing apart other factors that can also influence public health.Although it is convenient to discuss the built environment s impact on health in isolation, there is a complex interplay between environmental exposures, the authors of the review .Neighborhood socioeconomic conditions, food environments, air pollution levels, and natural features, like green space, may independently influence metabolic health and must be considered when isolating the effects of the built environment.Some , for instance, have found access to green spaces can improve public health, although whether this is through physical exercise or something else remains to be seen.Theres also the possibility that adding more green spaces to a city can reduce local air pollution, which could also .Human behavior isnt easy to predict or manage, but it seems like when people are offered the opportunity to get outside and move, they jump at the chance.The study was published in . 
20220227_144857_phl_C000130_A000023	www.bworldonline.com	https://www.bworldonline.com/milan-fashion-week-dolce-gabbana-goes-futuristic-versace-plays-with-contrasts/	PHL	MILAN — From large visor sunglasses to shiny jackets with huge sleeves, Italian fashion house Dolce & Gabbana offered an array of futuristic looks for women’s winter wardrobes at Milan Fashion Week on Saturday. Designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana presented mainly all-black outfits that played with shapes. Shoulders were exaggerated, sleeves voluminous, trousers one-legged and sunglasses asymmetric. (See the show at: ..) Models wore see-through tops, dresses and leggings, coats and tops with morphed hoods and synched blazer or coat dresses with stockings. Dabs of bright colors came on bodysuits worn with black dresses with ribbons that wound down the leg or neck, buttoned jackets in pink, orange and yellow, and furry checked or bubble gum pink coats accessorized with matching hats and boots. Last month, Dolce & Gabbana said it would stop using fur in collections in favor of eco-fur garments and accessories, becoming the latest brand to do so amid changing tastes of younger, environmentally-savvy customers. More leisurely looks came in loose logoed tops. Other designs shined: gold or silver outfits, red dresses and coats, and see-through sparkling dresses. CONTRASTS AT VERSACE Versace offered roomy cargo pants and corset dresses at its show on Friday night, presenting an autumn/winter collection that played with contrasts. (See show at: https://www.versace.com/international/en/world-of-versace/stories/fashion-shows/fw-2022-women.html) Designer Donatella Versace opened the show with a sharp black trouser suit, before swiftly introducing satin corsets in purple, lime, pink, cream or checked worn as tops or adorning tight-fitting dresses as bodices. Sometimes even puffer jackets bore the shape. Models wore latex leggings, pinstripe trousers or cargo pants. There were also miniskirts, printed T-shirts and sparkly colorful chain tops. Large checked prints adorned jackets and skirts. “This collection is built on contrast and tension — like an elastic band pulled tight and about to snap-back with a build-up of energy,” Donatella Versace said of the line. “That feeling is just irresistible to me. It opens new possibilities and makes things happen.” Versace also peppered the line with denim, presenting wide-leg jeans and miniskirts. GUCCI MIXES FASHION WITH SPORTSWEAR Italian luxury label Gucci made a triumphant return to Milan Fashion Week on Friday, with a star-studded catwalk show that featured a new collaboration with sports brand Adidas. (See the show here: ) This was Gucci’s first catwalk show at Milan Fashion Week in two years. Like other fashion houses, the label turned to digital showcases after the start of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. In November, it held an off-calendar catwalk show in Los Angeles. Walking a catwalk lined with mirrors, models wore an array of trousers suits: loose, fitted, patterned, studded or with pointy shoulders. Some blazers were one-shouldered. There were nods to 1980s disco looks with sparkling suits or a shiny jumpsuit. Lace tops were frilled, shiny skirts slit. Creative director Alessandro Michele called the collection “Exquisite Gucci.” “I use the metaphor of the magical mirror to approach the phantasmagorical power of fashion. A sacred power that radiates from the surface of the fabrics. And there I work, on this tactile surface, through cross references, alterations, loopholes and grafts,” he said in show notes. “Juxtaposing worlds and meanings. Altering the stability of perception. Manipulating and magnifying the existing. Through these interventions, I celebrate the clothes as real optical labs: magical machines that can give birth to fairy tales of metamorphosis and re-enchantment.” Mr. Michele also revealed a collaboration with Adidas, with the sports brand’s logo and stripes appearing on blazers, long dresses with zipped corsets, trousers and headwear, including swim cap-like hats and baseball caps with front and back visors. Accessories included slim ties, berets and a wide range of bags. PRADA CELEBRATES ‘HISTORY OF WOMEN’ Italian fashion label Prada 1913.HK offered sheer vest-like dresses and embellished coats for women’s wardrobes next winter at its Milan Fashion show on Thursday, presenting a collection its designers described as looking at “the history of women.” (Watch the show here: https://www.prada.com/ww/en/pradasphere/fashion-shows/2022/fw-womenswear.html) The runway presentation came on the second day of Milan Fashion Week, which was hosting mainly in-person shows — rather than digital presentations — this season. Designers Miuccia Prada and Raf Simons said they had continued a theme of stripping back looks from previous collections for the autumn/winter 2022 line, called “An Ideology of Prada.” These included white vest tops worn with two-tone skirts and sheer see-through dresses. Tailored blazers had large shoulders while coats bore rounded necklines. Some coats had chains across the neck or feathers on the sleeves. “This collection is about the history of women, the history of people, not the history of fashion,” Miuccia Prada said in shownotes. Models also wore matching jackets and skirts in dark grey and black, elongated and belted bomber jackets decorated with sparkling florals and printed jumpers paired with polo necks. “Valuing history includes us valuing Prada’s history — I think of revolutionary moments in Prada’s history, and we echo them here,” Mr. Simons said. “There are never direct recreations, but there is a reflection of something you know, a language of Prada. And those moments have helped define our idea of beauty today, which we are now redefining.” EMPORIO ARMANI RETURNS Veteran designer Giorgio Armani returned to the catwalk to present his latest Emporio Armani line, after cancelling his menswear and couture shows in January due to a surge of COVID-19 infections in Europe. (See the show here: https://www.armani.com/en-us/experience/emporio-armani/fashion-show-fall-winter) Male and female models wore all-grey outfits — trouser suits, cozy knits, tailored jackets as well as mountain wear, with models carrying skis and snowboards. Pops of green and blush appeared on womens’ tops, velvet trousers and jumpers printed with wavy patterns while for the evening, there were dresses with large sequins. Shirts bore large bows. CHIFFON AND TWEED AT FENDI Milan Fashion Week kicked off last Wednesday with designer Kim Jones revisiting Italian luxury label Fendi’s archives. (See the show here: https://www.fendi.com/ii-en/cm/eu1-default/woman/highlights-woman/women-fall-winter-2022-2023-fashion-show) Model Bella Hadid opens the show in a pale pink chiffon slip dress, teamed with a cropped furry jacket and long green cashmere gloves. Hers was the first of many soft chiffon designs in the collection, including see-through tops, trousers and jumpsuits, adorned with wavy frills or patterns and sometimes peeping out of tweed outfits. Kim Jones, artistic director of Fendi couture and womenswear, said he looked into the archives after seeing jewelry designer Delfina Delettrez wearing her mother’s old Memphis-print blouse. Mr. Jones works alongside Ms. Delettrez’s mother and the founding family’s scion Silvia Venturini Fendi, who looks after menswear and accessories, at the Rome-based label. He turned specifically to two collections designed by his predecessor, the late Karl Lagerfeld: Fendi’s Spring/Summer 1986 and Autumn/Winter 2000 lines, reworking prints and styles. “The best place to explore the Fendi archives is through the Fendi wardrobes,” Mr. Jones said in show notes. “And these are collections which, although they come from the past, feel very now.” Models wore checked trousers, high-waisted skirts and corset-like shirts. Jackets were cropped, trousers slim, and belts were pocketed to carry phones. “It’s a wardrobe designed for every aspect of a woman’s life, for every generation,” Mr. Jones said. “And it all started with Delfina.” For accessories, Venturini Fendi marked 25 years of the brand’s Baguette’s bag by bringing back editions in cashmere, shearling-lined leather and intarsia mink. — Reuters 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000131_A000025	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/entertainment/celebrities/300528073/simon-leviev-from-netflixs-the-tinder-swindler-is-charging-29000-per-club-appearance	NZL	Getty/Leon NealSimon Leviev from Netflix’s The Tinder Swindler is charging $29,000 per club appearance.It seems that Netflix’s Tinder Swindler documentary has given TMZ reports that clubs in the US and abroad want to book Leviev to patronize their venues; spots in Philly, Boston, Germany, and Mexico have asked him to make appearances. It looks like he’s interested too, with his team sending over a list of his needs in order to solidify the deal. According to the outlet, in addition to 29K, that list also includes bottle service, a private jet, a suite at a five-star hotel, a black SUV car service, and two security guards who will be with him the whole time. It sounds like he might end up living the exact life that he told his alleged victims he already had, which includes his recent visit to a Ferrari dealership. READ MORE: * * * * * It’s reported that he’s also been earning a decent amount of money on Cameo, where he’s charging US$200 per video and has already made $39K in three days. In The Tinder Swindler doc, we learn that Leviev scammed women out of over US$10 million via the dating app. In fact, earlier this month, he was banned from Tinder. “We have conducted internal investigations and can confirm Simon Leviev is no longer active on Tinder under any of his known aliases,” Tinder said in a statement. Leviev–born Shimon Hayut–reportedly took to his own Instagram Story earlier this month where he said he plans to share his side of the story. 
20220227_144857_nam_C000151_A000019	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/27/22953546/apple-reportedly-working-device-foldable-20-inch-display-rumors	NAM	Apple may be working on a device with a 20-inch foldable display, which Apple tracker Mark Gurman describes as an “iPad / MacBook hybrid” in . It’s not expected until 2026 Gurman says that Apple is, indeed, exploring the possibility of a folding device of the sort, backing up the claims of Ross Young, the CEO and analyst at Display Supply Chain Consultants. Last week, to develop a device with a large, folding screen, and Gurman has added some more depth to this rumor. Gurman claims the device will feature a dual-screen display that omits a physical keyboard and trackpad — navigating and typing on the device will be entirely touchscreen-based. In terms of a potential release date, Gurman cites Young’s prediction of 2026, around the same time . Lenovo has already done something similar with its ThinkPad X1 Fold, which sports a 13-inch display that folds in the center to become a touchscreen laptop. But as my colleague Monica Chin notes in , Lenovo hasn’t perfected the technology just yet. With a potential release set as far back as 2026, Apple has quite a bit of time to get things right — that is, if the foldable device ever materializes. 
20220227_144857_gha_C000152_A000036	www.deccanchronicle.com	https://www.deccanchronicle.com/science/science/270222/covid-19-genetic-risk-variant-protects-against-hiv-says-study.html	GHA	Solna: A recent study has revealed that in addition to risk factors such as advanced age and chronic diseases like diabetes, genetic heritage also contributes to individual COVID-19 severity risk. The study was published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS). In the autumn of 2020, Hugo Zeberg at Karolinska Institutet and MPI-EVA and Svante Paabo at MPI-EVA showed that we inherited the major genetic risk factor for severe COVID-19 from Neanderthals. In the spring of 2021, the same researcher duo studied this variant in ancient human DNA and observed that its frequency has increased significantly since the last ice age. In fact, it has become unexpectedly common for a genetic variant inherited from Neanderthals. Hence, it may have had a favourable impact on its carriers in the past. This major genetic risk factor for COVID-19 is so common that I started wondering whether it might actually be good for something, such as providing protection against another infectious disease, said Hugo Zeberg, who is the sole author of the study. The genetic risk factor is located in a region on chromosome 3 that consists of many genes. There are several genes in its vicinity that encode receptors in the immune system. One of these receptors - CCR5 - is used by the HIV virus to infect white blood cells. Zeberg found that people who carried the risk factor for COVID-19 had fewer CCR5 receptors. This led him to test whether they also had a lower risk of becoming infected with HIV. By analysing patient data from three major biobanks (FinnGen, UK Biobank and Michigan Genomic Initiative), he found that carriers of the risk variant for COVID-19 had a 27 per cent lower risk of contracting HIV. This shows how a genetic variant can be both good and bad news: Bad news if a person contracts COVID-19, good news because it offers protection against getting infected with HIV, said Zeberg. However, since HIV only arose during the 20th century, protection against this infectious disease cannot explain why the genetic risk variant for COVID-19 became so common among humans as early as 10,000 years ago. Now we know that this risk variant for COVID-19 provides protection against HIV. But it was probably protection against yet another disease that increased its frequency after the last ice age, Zeberg concluded. Click on Deccan Chronicle and for the latest and . Follow us on , . 
20220227_144857_zwe_C000161_A000028	indianexpress.com	https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/faheem-ashraf-hasan-ali-ruled-out-of-pakistans-first-test-against-australia-7793628/	ZWE	Pakistan’s experienced all-rounder Faheem Ashraf and pacer Hasan Ali were on Sunday ruled out of the first Test against Australia, beginning on Friday, due to fitness issues. The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) said that batter Iftikhar Ahmed and young all-rounder Muhammad Wasim junior will replace the two in the Pakistan squad for the first Test in Rawalpindi. Both Iftikhar and Wasim will reach Islamabad on Sunday night and start their three-day isolation at the team hotel after which they will undergo tests before joining the rest of the squad. The absence of Faheem and Hasan will be a big blow to Pakistan as they have been regular members of the Test side in the last 12 months. Best of Express PremiumPremiumPremiumPremiumPremium Faheem missed Islamabad United’s eliminator match against Lahore Qalandars in the Pakistan Super League due to his injury while Hasan has been struggling for form and fitness. Both Faheem and Hasan are expected to regain full fitness before the second Test that will be played in Karachi from March 12 to 16. For all the latest , download 
20220227_144857_zwe_C000161_A000031	www.slashgear.com	https://www.slashgear.com/781810/whatever-happened-to-the-kepler-space-telescope/	ZWE	Eventually, Kepler ran out of fuel and went dark, although researchers continued to push to collect data until the last possible minute. Unlike the dramatic burning up in the atmosphere of missions like Cassini, Kepler wasnt destroyed in fire. Instead, its decommissioning involved shutting down its systems and leaving it to float as an inert block in space (via ). One remarkable thing about Kepler is that even after the telescope was retired, it still offered a treasure trove of information to the astronomical community. Data collected on thousands of exoplanets over Keplers mission is now publicly available at the . This data continues to be used in astronomical discoveries to this day, with its data used in estimates that, for example, there may be up to six billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy (via ). Many of the researchers who worked with Kepler have in astronomy and science communication. Overall, even though it is now gone, the Kepler mission was a huge success that set the stage for the study of exoplanets that blossoms today. As NASAs first planet-hunting mission, Kepler has wildly exceeded all our expectations and paved the way for our exploration and search for life in the solar system and beyond, NASAs Science Mission Directorate associate administrator Thomas Zurbuchen said when the mission was retired. Not only did it show us how many planets could be out there, it sparked an entirely new and robust field of research that has taken the science community by storm. Its discoveries have shed a new light on our place in the universe, and illuminated the tantalizing mysteries and possibilities among the stars. 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000166_A000023	www.rollingstone.com	https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/green-day-cancel-moscow-concert-russia-invasion-ukraine-1313420/	BWA	have cancelled their upcoming show in Moscow following ’s of , the band announced Sunday on social media. The trio was scheduled to perform May 29 at Moscow prior to their European tour in June. However, the band wrote Sunday on , “With heavy hearts, in light of current events we feel it is necessary to cancel our upcoming show in Moscow at Spartak Stadium.” “We are aware that this moment is not about stadium rock shows, it’s so much bigger than that,” Green Day continued. “But we also know that rock and roll is forever and we feel confident there will be a time and a place for us to return in the future. Refunds available at the point of purchase. Stay safe.” The gig has already been removed from Green Day’s touring itinerary on . Green Day is the most high-profile North American act to cancel a Russian concert following the nation’s invasion of Ukraine earlier this week. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been condemned for the invasion, which has resulted in economic sanctions against Russia from the U.S., Europe and other countries worldwide. Pussy Riot’s Nadya Tolokonnikova and Stevie Nicks are among the artists who have spoken out against Putin amid the Ukraine invasion. “This is Hitler coming back to haunt us. In one evening, until now, an entire sovereign country has been full-on invaded,” Nicks , while Tolokonnikova said of the Russian president “Fuck Putin. I hope he dies soon.” 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000166_A000025	deadline.com	https://deadline.com/2022/02/peaky-blinders-season-6-premiere-recap-helen-mccrory-1234960985/	BWA	SPOILER ALERT: This post contains details about the Season 6 premiere of . Surprising as it sounds, it has been 889 days since aired the Season 5 finale of period gangster saga Peaky Blinders. With anticipation at a fever pitch, the first episode of the sixth and final season debuted tonight local time in the UK, providing a first glimpse of how things may tie up for the Shelby family — and importantly paying tribute to star who passed away last year following a battle with cancer. The premiere episode is dedicated to her. The last time we checked in with the Shelbys, a foiled attempt to assassinate fascist politician Oswald Mosley had Tommy Shelby () at his wits end and pointing a gun at his own head. In the opening frames of Season 6, we learn that Tommy did not in fact commit suicide — but not for lack of trying: brother Arthur had preemptively removed the bullets from the gun. Face down in the mud, and with wife Lizzie (Natasha O’Keeffe) berating him, “You’re not a soldier, you’re a coward,” Tommy picks himself up, and ominously addresses his late mother, “They wouldn’t let me pass through, as if there were to be another consequence.” As Tommy stumbles back to the house, a truck bearing a white flag passes him in the drive and a phone rings in the background. When Tommy answers, he’s told by an Irishwoman, “Last night’s operation was carried out by soldiers of the Irish Republican Army.” At the same time outside Tommy’s window, body bags are being unloaded from the truck. The woman on the phone insists, “We need to keep Mr Mosley alive… Also, you should know that saving Mosley’s life wasn’t our only intervention last night — we’ve made some changes to the structure of your organization.” As the scene cuts from Tommy on the phone to Tommy cutting open the body bags, the voice on the phone says, “Ever since you began to build your empire you’ve had a crutch to lean on. Last night, we kicked away that crutch. From now on it will be us that you lean on.” She adds, “Please be aware, Mr. Shelby, that the deaths of your people are your own responsibility because you consistently fail to understand your own limitations.” Viewers never see the contents of the body bags, but when Tommy opens the third encasing, it’s clear he’s devastated and we know instinctively that the body inside is that of McCrory’s Aunt Polly. The family then gathers at a funeral pyre where Polly is being cremated inside a Gypsy caravan — we do not see McCrory who only appears in flashback scenes from previous seasons. As the flames grow, Polly’s son, Michael Gray (Finn Cole), swears revenge on Tommy, “no matter what it takes, no matter how many lies I have to tell.” The episode then time-shifts by four years to 1933 where Tommy heads to Miquelon Island, a French-controlled territory near Newfoundland which served as a hub during the prohibition years. Michael is also making his way there for a meeting with Tommy. The two have not seen each other in four years, and a title card tells us it’s December 5, 1933 — the day that prohibition was repealed. Arriving at the bar of the hotel where the meeting is to take place, we learn that Tommy no longer drinks alcohol (this is a running theme throughout the episode as others try to strongarm him into imbibing; at one point, he says, “I now realize that whisky is just fuel for loud engines inside your head”). As he is chastised by the locals, and reacts violently, Tommy intones, “Since I foreswore alcohol, I’ve become a calmer and more peaceful person… Sometimes in moments of personal conflict I can resort to me old ways.” Waiting for Michael to turn up for the meeting, Tommy hears Aunt Polly’s warning in his head: “There will be a war, and one of you will die, but which one I cannot tell.” When Michael appears, he admonishes Tommy for not having yet avenged Aunt Polly’s murder. Tommy’s response: “You know, Michael, when you’re dealing with a very powerful enemy taking revenge sometimes requires time. You have to pick your moment; that moment will come.” The two nevertheless discuss their common business interest of the opium trade. Says Tommy, rather than see the last day of prohibition as the end of something, “When one door closes, another one opens.” Tommy suggests the boats on Miquelon can work with a different cargo as he tosses a packet of opium onto the table and explains he’s established a supply chain “over the past four years with associates in Belfast.” One of Michael’s team says they will have to take the proposal to “Uncle Jack” in Boston. Tommy retorts of this mysterious uncle, “Perhaps we can meet in Boston after you’ve spoke with him, who I believe, Michael, is your wife’s uncle.” Uncle Jack, who Michael says “decides everything” certainly appears to be a veiled reference to Joseph Kennedy. Little does Michael know that Tommy has planted a well-sized packet of drugs into the briefcase he hands Michael before exiting the meeting. Tommy tips off the authorities who stop Michael and send him to Norfolk Prison in Boston. In the meantime, Tommy visits Michael’s wife Gina (), and Uncle Jack’s “favorite niece” and says he wants to deliver a message: “If he doesn’t want to buy my opium, I will sell to the East Boston Jews,” thus evoking the Solomons run by Tom Hardy’s Alfie. “Do you want to start a fucking war?,” asks Gina. Elsewhere, Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson) has spiraled following the loss of Aunt Polly, turning up wasted on opium at various stages and bringing out the ire and increased power of sister Ada (Sophie Rundle). At the close of the episode and in a Boston hotel room, Tommy receives a call from Lizzie who tells him their daughter Ruby has been having nightmares and uttering Gypsy phrases in her sleep which speak of the devil. This sends Tommy into a panic as he makes haste to return to Birmingham. Season 6 will continue to air on Sundays on BBC One for the next five weeks. There is no confirmed date yet for the global Netflix debut, although typically the show starts its run on the service once the UK run has concluded. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000171_A000032	www.slashgear.com	https://www.slashgear.com/781810/whatever-happened-to-the-kepler-space-telescope/	LVA	Eventually, Kepler ran out of fuel and went dark, although researchers continued to push to collect data until the last possible minute. Unlike the dramatic burning up in the atmosphere of missions like Cassini, Kepler wasnt destroyed in fire. Instead, its decommissioning involved shutting down its systems and leaving it to float as an inert block in space (via ). One remarkable thing about Kepler is that even after the telescope was retired, it still offered a treasure trove of information to the astronomical community. Data collected on thousands of exoplanets over Keplers mission is now publicly available at the . This data continues to be used in astronomical discoveries to this day, with its data used in estimates that, for example, there may be up to six billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy (via ). Many of the researchers who worked with Kepler have in astronomy and science communication. Overall, even though it is now gone, the Kepler mission was a huge success that set the stage for the study of exoplanets that blossoms today. As NASAs first planet-hunting mission, Kepler has wildly exceeded all our expectations and paved the way for our exploration and search for life in the solar system and beyond, NASAs Science Mission Directorate associate administrator Thomas Zurbuchen said when the mission was retired. Not only did it show us how many planets could be out there, it sparked an entirely new and robust field of research that has taken the science community by storm. Its discoveries have shed a new light on our place in the universe, and illuminated the tantalizing mysteries and possibilities among the stars. 
20220227_144857_nam_C000185_A000007	www.namibian.com.na	https://www.namibian.com.na/110365/read/Kahungu-elected-as-SPWC-leader	NAM	2022-06-03FORMER Black Africa and national team netball star Yvonne Kotjipati, who was born and bred at Okahandja, started her netball journey at Nau-Aib Primary School before she further honed her skills at Jan Mohr Secondary School in Windhoek. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000193_A000011	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/27/oil-jumps-as-traders-fear-disruption-in-russias-energy-industry.html	PAK	An oil pumping jack, also known as a nodding donkey, in an oilfield near Dyurtyuli, in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, on Thursday, Nov. 19, 2020.Andrey Rudakov | Bloomberg | Getty ImagesOil prices jumped early Monday after the U.S. and Western allies imposed sanctions on specific Russian banks, prompting fears that energy supplies will be indirectly affected., the international oil benchmark, rose by as much 7% to trade as high as $105 per barrel. , the U.S. benchmark, also gained more than 7% to trade above $99 per barrel.Prices later eased slightly. WTI settled the day 4.5%, or $4.13, higher at $95.72 per barrel, while Brent gained 2.7% to trade at $100.55.Both contracts for the first time since 2014 after Russia invaded Ukraine. However, the initial spike was somewhat short lived with WTI and Brent retreating throughout Thursdays session and into Fridays trading after the White Houses first round of sanctions did not target Russias energy system.At that point, traders thought the market was out of the woods in terms of a major interruption in supply, but there was a remarkable escalation across the board over the weekend and that put a risk premium back into prices, according to Bob McNally, president of Rapidan Energy Group.He pointed to the decision to remove some Russian banks from the global interbank messaging system Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), impose measures on Russias central bank that prevents it from deploying its reserves and Russian President Vladimir Putin placing his nuclear deterrence forces on high alert.We could go to $110 or $115 a barrel before it retraces, he told CNBCs Street Signs Asia on Monday.New measures announcedOn Saturday, the U.S., European allies and Canada said they would from SWIFT.This will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally, the global powers wrote in a joint statement announcing the retaliatory measure.Russia is a key oil and gas supplier, especially to Europe. While the latest round of sanctions do not target energy directly, experts say there will be significant ripple effects.The various banking sanctions make it highly difficult for Russian petroleum sales to occur now, said John Kilduff, partner at Again Capital. Most banks will not provide basic financing, due to the risk of running afoul of sanctions.Putin could also decide to retaliate against the U.S. and allies action by weaponizing energy and turning off the taps directly.[W]e do think a number of Western firms may decide that it is not worth the risk of continuing to do business with Russia given the uncertainty about enforcement and the trajectory of future coercive action, RBC said Sunday in a note to clients.OPEC meetingOPEC and its oil-producing allies, which include Russia, are set to meet this week to determine the groups production policy for April. The oil alliance has been increasing output by 400,000 barrels per day each month as it unwinds the historic production cuts of nearly 10 million barrels per day implemented in April 2020 as the pandemic took hold.The group, as well as worldwide producers including the U.S., have kept oil supply in check as demand rebounded. Oil prices have been steadily climbing higher, with Russias invasion the catalyst that pushed crude above $100.Consumers are feeling the impacts in the form of higher prices at the pump. The national average for a gallon of gas stood at $3.60 per gallon on Sunday, according to . The White House has said its working to alleviate the burden for Americans.Although the sanctions are still being crafted to avoid energy price shocks, we believe this aggressive-but-not-maximalist stance may not be sustainable, with disruptions to oil and gas shipments looking increasingly inevitable, Evercore ISI wrote in a note to clients.Russia is casting a long, dark, unpredictable, and very complicated shadow. The biggest potential negative from this for the US economy is a surge in oil prices, the firm added. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000193_A000016	www.taipeitimes.com	https://www.taipeitimes.com/News/biz/archives/2022/02/28/2003773885	PAK	By Chen Cheng-hui / Staff reporter CPC Corp, Taiwan (CPC, <U+53F0><U+7063><U+4E2D><U+6CB9>) and Formosa Petrochemical Corp (<U+53F0><U+5851><U+77F3><U+5316>) yesterday said they would increase gasoline and diesel prices for a third consecutive week this week, as oil prices soared after the Russian attack on Ukraine. CPC said it would from today raise gasoline prices by NT$0.5 per liter to NT$30.7, NT$32.2 and NT$34.2 for 92, 95 and 98-octane unleaded gasoline respectively, while the price of premium diesel would increase by NT$0.4 per liter to NT$28.5. Based on its floating oil price formula, the cost of crude oil last week increased 2.61 percent from a week earlier, as the Ukraine conflict increased concerns about supply disruptions, the state-run refiner said. Although its gasoline and diesel prices should have increased by NT$1.2 and NT$2.2 per liter respectively, the refiner said it would absorb part of the cost increase to comply with government policy to cap inflation expectations. The Taiwan Institute of Economic Research (<U+53F0><U+7063><U+7D93><U+6FDF><U+7814><U+7A76><U+9662>) on Friday said that the US and other countries imposing sanctions against Russia, and the effects of higher oil and grain prices, could exacerbate global inflationary pressures, adding more uncertainties to the global economy. Formosa said that it would increase its prices for 92, 95 and 98-octane unleaded gasoline by NT$0.5 per liter to NT$30.7, NT$32.1 and NT$34.2 respectively, while the price of premium diesel would increase by NT$0.4 to NT$28.3 per liter. Comments will be moderated. Keep comments relevant to the article. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Final decision will be at the discretion of the Taipei Times. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000216_A000028	www.cbssports.com	https://www.cbssports.com/college-basketball/news/college-basketball-rankings-gonzaga-remains-atop-top-25-and-1-despite-season-finale-loss-to-saint-marys/	USA	Getty Images The top six teams in the Associated Press Top 25 poll all lost Saturday, marking the first time in history thats ever happened on the same day. It started with losing at . It ended with losing at . It was the wildest and most entertaining day in whats been a wild and entertaining season.If wouldve won at , Tommy Lloyds Wildcats wouldve moved to No.1 in Sunday mornings updated CBS Sports Top 25 And 1 daily college basketball rankings. But they lost — as did , , Purdue, and . So the only sensible thing to do is leave Mark Fews Zags in the top spot, despite the loss at Saint Marys, because of a combination of their body of work and strong computer numbers. Gonzaga is 8-3 in Quadrant 1 with zero additional losses and ranked No. 1 in the NET, at KenPom.com, in BPI, Sagarin and at BartTorvik.com. If the started today, , according to CBS Sports Bracket Expert Jerry Palm. is Sundays biggest mover thanks to the Bears recording their national-best 11th Quadrant 1 win via a double-digit victory over Kansas. I admittedly got a little lower than most on the Bears in recent weeks when they went through a 3-3 stretch from Jan. 29 to Feb. 16 and lost for the season. But theyve recovered nicely, added two Quadrant 1 victories over the past six days, and are back on track to be a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament for the second consecutive year.FYI: Saint Marys move from 22nd to 17th in the Top 25 And 1 after its double-digit win over Gonzaga resulted in , , , and being pushed down one spot each through no fault of their own. The Gaels will take a 9-6 record in the first two quadrants into the West Coast Conference Tournament. Itching for more college hoops analysis? Listen below and where we take you beyond the hardwood with insider information and instant reactions. Top 25 And 1 rankings 
20220227_144857_nga_C000220_A000010	www.premiumtimesng.com	https://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/top-news/514207-updatedhow-ex-jamb-chief-ojerinde-spent-n341-9-million-diverted-from-neco-icpc-witness.html	NGA	A prosecution witness has narrated how a former Registrar of the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Dibu Ojeriende, allegedly diverted N341.9 million from the National Examination Council (NECO) to set up a personal printing press, school and acquire other assets. Mr Ojerinde served as the registrar of NECO between 1999 and 2007 before becoming the chief executive of JAMB in April, 2012. The witness, Jimoh Olatunde, testified at the High Court of Niger State in Minna, where Mr Ojerinde is being tried on 10 counts of official corruption and abuse of office, a statement by ICPC said on Sunday. According to the statement signed by the spokesperson for the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC), Azuka Ogugwa, the witness appeared before the court on Thursday. The first prosecution witness, Mr Olatunde, testified that about the over N341.9million stolen money, N216 million was deceitfully withdrawn from the NECO account for payments for 17 fictitious printing contracts, which was in actual sense, used for establishing the printing press for Mr Ojerinde. The witness, who is a former deputy director and Head of Treasury at NECO, said: “We follow due process for the award of the contracts strictly on paper but I am confirming to this court that I know what went on underneath despite perfection of all the documents and processes. ‘’Let me give you an instance, between 2004/5 most printing contracts were awarded to these 17 companies owned by a friend of Prof. Dibu Ojerinde. He was the one in charge of all printing materials in NECO. “He brought a handwritten bill of N246, 914, 890 when he wanted to establish a printing press for Prof Dibu Ojeriende and I was directed to pay 87.6 per cent amounting to N216, 297.443 only. We perfected all the documents through the award of fictitious contracts to the 17 companies.” Led in evidence by the prosecuting counsel, Ebenezer Shogunle, Mr Olatunde told the court how he acquired properties in Minna for Mr Ojerinde under various aliases, including Muri Lamidi and a fictitious address in Kontagora, Niger State. The witness further referred to a multiple storey building known as ‘Tejumola House’, Ojodu, Lagos, which was acquired in 2003, in the name of Doyin Ogbohi Industries Ltd from Intercontinental Bank for N27 million and Sapati International School, Ilorin, Kwara State, which was built at an initial contract sum of N98.6 million. The witness, who took responsibility for all the illegal withdrawal of funds from NECO, being the Head of Treasury as of the time the alleged fraud took place, told the court that assets were acquired with stolen public funds. A total of 18 documents including correspondence addressed to the witness as ‘Client Representative’ by the various contractors used for the projects as well as Bills of Quantities were tendered and admitted in evidence. The witness also tendered some documents to show that several shares in some blue-chip companies acquired for the former JAMB boss were transferred to ‘Madiba’sTrust’, an entity created to consolidate. While being cross-examined by defence counsel, Ibrahim Ishyaku, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), the prosecution witness tendered a list of 17 companies which he said were used to siphon funds from NECO to acquire some of the companies and assets for the benefit of the defendant. The matter was adjourned until March 7 and 8, 2022 for the continuation of the hearing following a complaint of backache by the witness and further cross-examination by the defence counsel. Mr Olatunde’s testimony came about two weeks after a prosecution witness, Peter Oyewole, through associates while in office. Mr Ojerinde is facing 18 charges at the Federal High Court in Abuja where the ICPC accused him of diverting N5.2billion in public funds during his time as the chief executive of NECO and JAMB. A long road to trial Mr Ojerinde’s troubles began after his exit as ex-JAMB chief on August 1, 2016. His successor, Ishaq Oloyede, after assuming office began to remit unspent revenues to the tune of N5 billion, a feat that was never thought to be possible in the previous years. Ishaq Oloyede This sparked suspicion around Mr Ojerinde’s handling of the organisation’s funds during his time as the JAMB’s head. Investigations by the ICPC subsequently traced many properties acquired in different states allegedly with proceeds of funds diverted from NECO and JAMB to him. PREMIUM TIMES reported in April 2020, from him by the ICPC. The assets seized from him, included schools, filling stations, and houses located in different parts of Ilorin in Kwara State, Ibadan and Ogbomoso in Oyo State, Ile Ife in Osun State, and Abuja. ICPC had arraigned him at the Federal High Court in Abuja in July 2021 on 18 counts involving diversion of N5.2 billion in public funds during his time as the registrar of the (NECO) till his time as JAMB’s chief executive. He. But this could not materialise as talks over the issue quickly collapsed. WATCH: Governor Yahaya Bellos Roadmap to Hope 2023 VIDEO Support PREMIUM TIMES journalism of integrity and credibility Good journalism costs a lot of money. Yet only good journalism can ensure the possibility of a good society, an accountable democracy, and a transparent government. For continued free access to the best investigative journalism in the country we ask you to consider making a modest support to this noble endeavour. By contributing to PREMIUM TIMES, you are helping to sustain a journalism of relevance and ensuring it remains free and available to all. TEXT AD: 
20220227_144857_idn_C000222_A000020	bolavip.com	https://bolavip.com/en/soccer/ac-milan-vs-inter-milan-date-time-and-tv-channel-in-the-us-to-watch-the-2021-22-coppa-italia-semifinals-20220227-0012.html	IDN	Coppa ItaliaAC Milan take on Inter Milan at Stadio Giuseppe Meazza in Milano for the 2021-22 Coppa Italia Semifinals. Read here to check out when, where, at what time and how to watch or live stream free this game in the US and Canada.By March 01, 2022 10:10AM EDT March 01, 2022 10:10AM EDT© DeFodi ImagesMarcelo Brozovic of Inter and meet in the 2021-22 Coppa Italia Semifinals. This game will take place at Stadio Giuseppe Meazza in Milano. The Derby di Milano will be more than a game, the winner advances to the final phase. Here is all the detailed information about this Coppa Italia game including the date, time, TV Channel, Live Stream and location. You can watch this game in the US and Canada live on with a 7-day free trial. Also, you can tune in to in the United Stated. reach the semifinals after a relatively easy path between the round of 16 and the quarterfinals. The team won against Genoa in extra time 3-1 and in the quarterfinals against Lazio 4-0 in what was an easy victory. Inter Milan also won a game in extra time against Empoli 3-2 but in the quarterfinals the situation was less complicated for Inter against Roma, they won 2-0 to reach the semifinals. AC Milan vs Inter Milan: Date AC Milan and Inter Milan play for the 2021-22 Coppa Italia Semifinals on Tuesday, March 1 at Stadio Giuseppe Meazza in Milano. Last season Inter won against Milan in the quarterfinals but Inter then lost to defending champions Juventus in the final. AC Milan vs Inter Milan: Time by state in the US ET: 3:00 PM CT: 2:00 PM MT: 1:00 PM PT: 12:00 PM TV Channel in the US and Canada to watch AC Milan vs Inter Milan This game for the 2021-22 Coppa Italia Semifinals, AC Milan and Inter Milan at the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza in Milano on Tuesday, March 1, will be broadcast in the US by and . Other options to watch this game in the US are CBS Sports Network. In Canada, you wan watch the game live on . 
20220227_144857_gbr_C000232_A000025	metro.co.uk	https://metro.co.uk/2022/02/27/kristina-rihanoff-criticised-for-vile-tweets-appearing-to-back-putin-16184453/	GBR	Followers branded her tweets ‘disgusting’ (Picture: Getty)Former pro has been criticised for ‘insensitive’ tweets relating to ’s attacks on . The dancer – who is Russian – sparked outrage amongst her followers following a series of tweets, which appeared to back President Vladimir Putin after his invasion of Ukraine began on Thursday. Rihanoff’s tweets were branded ‘in such bad taste’ and an ‘absolute disgrace,’ with fans saying they were unfollowing her. One tweet included a cartoon featuring caricatures of, and Justin Trudeau. The three world leaders had been drawn with blood drawn on their hands, with Trudeau in blackface and PM Johnson holding a glass of wine, in reference to his lockdown party scandals. US President Biden was pointing to the distance, with the words ‘Russian man bad’ written in a speech bubble. Rihanoff tweeted alongside the illustration: ‘Don’t even have to say anything – pure genius.’ The TV star later responded to an article shared by Sky News, announcing that this year. She wrote: ‘F….ing breaking news <U+0001F602> Are you for real @SkyNews ? WTF! And where are we at with bringing @BorisJohnson accountable for ruining thousands of small business while parting during lockdowns?????? This tweet EVERYTHING WHAT’S WRONG WITH THE UK MEDIA & USELESS @GOVUK #Eurovision [sic]’ Twitter users were quick to call the choreographer out for her tweets, with one becoming embroiled in a heated exchange with her. After branding her tweets ‘completely inappropriate’ and telling her she ‘should be ashamed’ of herself, the dance star hit back: ‘You obviously completely oblivious to how Russians were treated by extremists there for 8 yrs. I have family & friends there abused for simply speaking Russian! So don’t go on my timeline & preach to me U don’t have to follow me either in fact I’ll give you a favour and block you [sic]’ Others responded to her tweets, calling them ‘so offensive,’ ‘shameful’ and ‘vile.’ One wrote: ‘What a stupid and insensitive tweet.’ The dancer isn’t afraid to vocalise her controversial opinions (Picture: Backgrid)Another said: ‘Think of those innocent families losing their loved ones UNFOLLOWED’ Rihanoff has expressed controversial views online in the past, most recently in relation to Covid restrictions. She retweeted a statement by GB News journalist Lucy Jones, who has been vocal in her opposition to Covid rules. Protesters have taken to the street all over the world, calling for the war to end (Picture: Samuel Corum/Getty)The tweet read: ‘My uni ‘friends’ today messaged me saying they didn’t want to invite me to group meet ups because of my “views on Covid” & company I work for. Really have learnt who my real friends are the last two years,” the tweet read’ Protests have been taking place all over the world in recent days, including within Russia, with people calling for Putin to end the war. A multitude of with Ukraine, as over 120,000 Ukrainians have fled the country, according to UN officials. Kristina Rihanoff’s reps have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : MORE : 
20220227_144857_can_C000252_A000013	vocm.com	https://vocm.com/2022/02/27/rally-held-in-st-johns-in-support-of-ukraine/	CAN	(Photo via City of St. Johns/Twitter.) A rally in support of the people of Ukraine was held on the steps of St. John’s city hall yesterday. Russian forces have entered Ukraine’s second city, Kharkiv, with state officials urging residents to stay in shelters and not attempt to travel, as fights broke out in the streets. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called on citizens of the world to join in the fight against Russia, who he called “war criminals.” Russian forces have been met with fierce resistance from Ukraine, which has slowed down the invading country. The intense fighting has resulted in many casualties and has forced thousands to flee their homes. Ahead of Saturday’s rally, Elaine Sullivan was busy making Ukrainian flags for people to hold in support of the nation at Elaine’s Books and Café on Duckworth Street. She started making the flags because she believes it’s “ridiculous” what’s happening. She has friends with relatives in Ukraine right now and she’s “devastated” for them. Today, residents of St. John’s, Mayor Breen, and Members of Council gathered at City Hall to show support for Ukraine and Ukrainians around the world. — City of St. Johns (@CityofStJohns) 
20220227_144857_irl_C000260_A000019	www.slashgear.com	https://www.slashgear.com/781722/february-2022-pokemon-presents-everything-announced/	IRL	Perhaps the biggest piece of information revealed today was that the next generation of Pokemon will hit the market later this year. Dubbed Pokemon Scarlet and Pokemon Violet, the games will feature an open-world region, new starters, and many more Pokemon all out in the open. Weve already , so make sure to check that out if youre excited for the ninth generation of Pocket Monsters. The Pokemon Presents trailer starts out with Pokemon Go, and its pretty huge: Alola, the region found in Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon, is coming to Go starting March 1, 2022. Until that happens, Alolan Exeggutor will start appearing in Pokemon Go, letting players catch one for themselves. Pokemon Masters EX is also receiving major updates as part of its two-and-a-half-year Victory Road is being added, featuring powerful sync pairs from many regions and legendary trainers such as Blue, Lance, Cynthia, N, Steven, and Wallace. If you manage to complete Victory Road, youll be given the chance to team up with Sygna Suit Red, Blue, or Leaf. You will also be awarded 5,000 gems. Some new trainers in special outfits are coming to Pokemon Masters EX to celebrate Pokemon Day, including May with Latias starting February 28, Skyla with Tornadus starting March 2, and Raihan with Flygon starting March 4. Until March 17, players will be able to scout up to 100 sync pairs at no extra cost and will be given a 10-pair ticket every day. Lastly, 3,000 gems will be awarded to everyone as a login bonus. 
20220227_144857_aus_C000280_A000001	www.abc.net.au	https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-02-28/queensland-lismore-severe-weather-rain-flooding-warnings-live/100865912	AUS	Severe weather warning for Sydney and surroundsIt looks like Sydney is next in the firing line for severe storms, with damaging winds and heavy rainfall forecast for people in Metropolitan, Illawarra, South Coast and parts of the Hunter, Central Tablelands and Southern Tablelands Forecast Districts.Six-hourly falls of up to 120 millimetres are likely, which may lead to flash flooding either Tuesday night or Wednesday morning. Local intense rainfall is also possible, and could lead to dangerous and life-threatening flash flooding, with six-hourly fall totals in excess of 200mm.Sorry to leave you on that bombshell, but thats it from Luke Royes and I tonight. Youll now be in the safe hands of Caitlyn Davey.Stay safe everyone. Until next time. Goodnight. 
20220227_144857_uga_C000285_A000026	www.football.london	https://www.football.london/chelsea-fc/transfer-news/chelsea-news-transfer-live-abramovich-23230010	UGA	Hello and welcome to todays live Chelsea blog on football.london . Its cup final day! The are set to take on Liverpool at Wembley today, with the Carabao Cup up for grabs. Both meetings between the sides this season in the Premier League have ended in stalemates, making this encounter even tougher to call as to who will come out on top. Theres not just that to contend with for Chelsea though, as yesterday brought about a shock statement from owner , which stated he would be entrusting the care of the club to the Chelsea Foundation. On the transfer front, there are also plenty of rumours as to the players could look to add to his squad for next season. Well bring you the latest on all fronts when the news drops. With that in mind, sit back and let football.london keep you posted. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000340_A000010	news.yahoo.com	https://news.yahoo.com/bill-barr-says-2024-trump-204620780.html	USA	President Donald Trump stands with Attorney General William Barr during the 38th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service at the U.S. Capitol, Wednesday, May 15, 2019, in Washington.AP Photo/Evan VucciBill Barr wrote in his forthcoming book that a Trump White House bid in 2024 would be dismaying.The former attorney general says the GOP should look to a fresh slate of presidential candidates.In the book, Barr describes Trumps relationships as rooted in transactional value.Former US Attorney General Bill Barr in a forthcoming book wrote that the possibility of former President Donald Trump running for the White House again was dismaying and encouraged the Republican Party to look forward in search of new candidates, according to excerpts Sunday by The Washington Post.In the book, , Barr stated that Trumps constant bellicosity diminishes him and the office, while revealing that he started to feel that the then-president only cared about himself during the waning months of the administration.Barr served as attorney general from February 2019 to December 2020.Country and principle took second place, he remarked in the book, recalling his personal revelations about Trump while navigating the last few months in his role.He added: We need leaders not only capable of fighting and punching, but also persuading and attracting — leaders who can frame, and advocate for, an uplifting vision of what it means to share in American citizenship. Donald Trump has shown he has neither the temperament nor persuasive powers to provide the kind of positive leadership that is needed.The former attorney general, who received during his tenure by some who felt that the Justice Department was overly to Trump, reportedly frames himself in the book as an individual who rejected any sort of pressure campaigns from the then-president.The former attorney general recalled the disappointment that Trump displayed when he to prosecute former FBI director James Comey for his handling of bureau memos in 2019.Im shocked, Bill. Im disgusted. Im not happy about this, Bill, the then-president told Barr, The Post reported.People are worthwhile to Trump only as means to his ends — as utensils. When they dont help him get what he wants, they are useless. In my case, Trumps disenchantment started — as it was bound to — when he saw I was not willing to bend the law to do his bidding, Barr wrote.Barr also wrote that he and other White House attorneys met on Mondays for lunch, coming together to inventory the legally problematic ideas floating around the administration, including Trumps .Barr — who previously served in the role under then-President George H.W. Bush from November 1991 to January 1993 — succeeded Jeff Sessions, who also had a tumultuous tenure in the administration after recusing himself from the Russia investigation and drawing the lasting ire of Trump.The book is set to be released on March 8.Read the original article on 
20220227_144857_usa_C000340_A000011	edition.cnn.com	https://edition.cnn.com/europe/live-news/ukraine-russia-news-02-27-22/h_410fb04a43ddeed09ff7fbe9e43af897	USA	FIFA announced on Sunday that Russia must play all upcoming international fixtures on neutral sites under the name “football union of Russia,” as part of an initial list of sanctions due to the country’s invasion of Ukraine. “First and foremost, FIFA would like to reiterate its condemnation of the use of force by Russia in its invasion of Ukraine. Violence is never a solution and FIFA expresses its deepest solidarity to all people affected by what is happening in Ukraine,” the world football governing body said in a statement. “FIFA calls again for the urgent restoration of peace and for constructive dialogue to commence immediately, the statement continues. FIFA remains in close contact with the Ukrainian Association of Football and members of the Ukrainian football community who have been requesting support to leave the country for as long as the current conflict persists.”In coordination with UEFA and the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Bureau of the FIFA Council ruled that all of Russia’s home fixtures in international competitions must be played on neutral territory and without spectators. The member association representing Russia must also play all international competitions under the name Football Union of Russia (RFU) with no Russian flag or anthem allowed.Although the initial list of sanctions does not completely ban Russia, FIFA said in the statement that it “will continue its ongoing dialogue with the IOC, UEFA and other sport organisations to determine any additional measures or sanctions, including a potential exclusion from competitions, that shall be applied in the near future should the situation not be improving rapidly.The Bureau of the FIFA Council remains on standby to take any of these decisions, the statement said.FIFA also acknowledged they are in contact with the Polish Football Association, the Football Association of the Czech Republic and the Swedish Football Association to find appropriate and acceptable solutions regarding the upcoming FIFA World Cup 2022 qualifiers. Russia is currently scheduled to host Poland in a playoff semifinal on March 24. The game is set to be held at the VTB Arena in Moscow. The winner of the Poland-Russia match would host either Sweden or Czech Republic on March 29 in the final of their World Cup qualification route.In a response to FIFAs sanctions against Russia, Cezary Kulesza, president of the Polish Football Association, released a statement calling FIFAs decision totally unacceptable. We are not interested in participating in this game of appearances. Our stance remains intact: Polish National Team will NOT PLAY with Russia, no matter what the name of the team is.Along with Poland, the Czech Republic, Sweden and England have all said in any of the upcoming World Cup qualifiers next month. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000374_A000015	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/fin24/economy/world/russians-rush-for-dollars-as-sanctions-threaten-ruble-collapse-20220227	ZAF	Russians lined up at cash machines around the country to withdraw foreign currency as new sanctions to punish the Kremlin for its invasion of Ukraine sparked fear the ruble could collapse. Russians lined up at ATMs around the country to withdraw foreign currency over fears that sanctions against the country over the Ukraine invasion could cause its currency - the ruble - to collapseThe US and the European Union this weekend agreed to kick some Russian banks off the SWIFT financial messaging system and freeze the central bank’s reservesMost of Europe has closed its airspace to Russian carriers, which could make it difficult to physically transport cash into the countryRussians lined up at cash machines around the country to withdraw foreign currency as new sanctions to punish the Kremlin for its invasion of Ukraine sparked fear the ruble could collapse.The rush for foreign currency came despite some lenders selling dollars at more than a third higher than the market’s close on Friday, and well past the psychologically important level of 100 rubles per dollar that many economists said would trigger an interest-rate hike by the Bank of Russia. The shock came as Russians were still digesting news that Europe was closing its airspace to them and popular payment systems like ApplePay would stop working. I’ve stood in lines for an hour, but foreign currency is gone everywhere, just rubles, said Vladimir, a 28-year-old programmer who declined to give his last name, while waiting in a long line at an ATM in a Moscow shopping mall. I got a late start because I didn’t think this was possible. I’m in shock. The US and the European Union this weekend agreed to kick some Russian banks off the SWIFT financial messaging system and freeze the central bank’s reserves as they reacted with horror to the violence of Vladimir Putin’s attack on Ukraine. Most of Europe has closed its airspace to Russian carriers, which could make it difficult to physically transport cash into the country. Putin is facing the harshest sanctions leveled at a major economy in at least a generation, and some of the pain may be seen when markets open Monday. As recently as Friday, some Biden administration officials privately said that they weren’t seriously considering acting against SWIFT, but momentum built to act as details of the scale of the invasion became clear. There are indications that the ruble could fall sharply when trading opens on Monday. Exchange rates being offered by lenders are already varying widely on Sunday, from 98.08 rubles per dollar at Alfa Bank to 99.49 at Sberbank PJSC, 105 at VTB Group and 115 at Otkritie Bank at 3:30 p.m. in Moscow. The spot ruble price on the Moscow Exchange closed at 83 per dollar on Friday.“I can’t see a scenario where it doesn’t get hammered,” said Paul McNamara, a fund manager at GAM Investments. “I don’t expect effective intervention in terms of pricing, but in terms of reducing legal grounds to sell rubles.”The central bank said last week it was increasing supplies of cash to ATMs to meet the demand and issued another statement Sunday vowing to provide banks “uninterrupted” supplies of rubles. The release made no mention of possible foreign-currency support or the sanctions.Russia last faced a major run on cash in 2014, when plunging oil prices in the wake of western sanctions triggered a crash in the exchange rate. Sberbank, Russia’s biggest bank, ran through 1.3 trillion rubles ($16 billion) in a single week.Representatives of Sberbank and VTB, state lenders that have both been targeted by sanctions, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for the Moscow Exchange declined to comment about plans for ruble trading on Monday. “The situation is completely unstable, and sanctions and restrictions on the central bank can only get worse,” said Alexandra Suslina, a budget specialist at the Moscow-based Economic Expert Group.“There’s already a bit of a rush to take money out of ATMs, but no cash machine is designed for the lines that will appear at sanctioned banks.” 
20220227_144857_can_C000407_A000024	www.justjared.com	https://www.justjared.com/2022/02/27/sag-awards-2022-complete-winners-list-revealed-2/	CAN	The just wrapped up, and there are so many amazing winners this year! This year’s awards ceremony took place at the Santa Monica Barker Hangar, and aired live on both TNT and TBS at 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT. A ton of celebrities , and for the third year in a row, there was no host. Check out Just Jared‘s , as well as the winners list inside, featuring all of the nominees. Click inside to read the full list of winners… 57th SAG Life Achievement Award Helen Mirren - WINNER Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture Belfast CODA - WINNER Don’t Look Up House of Gucci King Richard Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role Jessica Chastain (The Eyes of Tammy Faye) – WINNER Olivia Colman (The Lost Daughter) Lady Gaga (House of Gucci) Jennifer Hudson (Respect) Nicole Kidman (Being the Ricardos) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role Javier Bardem (Being the Ricardos) Benedict Cumberbatch (The Power of the Dog) Andrew Garfield (Tick, Tick … Boom!) Will Smith (King Richard) – WINNER Denzel Washington (The Tragedy of Macbeth) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role Caitriona Balfe (Belfast) Cate Blanchett (Nightmare Alley) Ariana DeBose (West Side Story) – WINNER Kirsten Dunst (The Power of the Dog) Ruth Negga (Passing) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role Ben Affleck (The Tender Bar) Bradley Cooper (Licorice Pizza) Troy Kotsur (CODA) – WINNER Jared Leto (House of Gucci) Kodi Smit-McPhee (The Power of the Dog) Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series The Handmaid’s Tale The Morning Show Squid Game Succession – WINNER Yellowstone Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series The Great Hacks The Kominsky Method Only Murders in the Building Ted Lasso – WINNER Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series Brian Cox (Succession) Billy Crudup (The Morning Show) Kieran Culkin (Succession) Lee Jung-jae (Squid Game) – WINNER Jeremy Strong (Succession) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series Jennifer Aniston (The Morning Show) Jung Ho-yeon (Squid Game) – WINNER Elisabeth Moss (The Handmaid’s Tale) Sarah Snook (Succession) Reese Witherspoon (The Morning Show) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series Michael Douglas (The Kominsky Method) Brett Goldstein (Ted Lasso) Steve Martin (Only Murders in the Building) Martin Short (Only Murders in the Building) Jason Sudeikis (Ted Lasso) – WINNER Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series Elle Fanning (The Great) Sandra Oh (The Chair) Jean Smart (Hacks) – WINNER Juno Temple (Ted Lasso) Hannah Waddingham (Ted Lasso) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Limited Series Murray Bartlett (The White Lotus) Oscar Isaac (Scenes from a Marriage) Michael Keaton (Dopesick) – WINNER Ewan McGregor (Halston) Evan Peters (Mare of Easttown) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Limited Series Jennifer Coolidge (The White Lotus) Cynthia Erivo (Genius: Aretha) Margaret Qualley (Maid) Jean Smart (Mare of Easttown) Kate Winslet (Mare of Easttown) – WINNER Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture “Black Widow” “Dune” “The Matrix Resurrections” “No Time to Die” – WINNER “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings” Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Television Series “Cobra Kai” “The Falcon and the Winter Soldier” “Loki” “Mare of Easttown” “Squid Game” – WINNER 
20220227_144857_aus_C000423_A000018	www.abc.net.au	https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-02-28/grocery-tech-iga-uber-milkrun-home-delivery-menulog/100855154	AUS	For many years, the humble corner store has been a fixture of many suburbs and towns. But now start-ups headed by millennial entrepreneurs are piling cash into miniature shops that you cannot even go into.Key points:Private investors have put at least $100m into the fast growing online grocery sectorAnalysts say it could be worth $2b within a few yearsThe trend threatens the major supermarkets down to the humble corner storeTheir sales pitch is the ultimate convenience – buying milk and bread almost instantly while never getting out of bed. Let alone your pyjamas.Were a grocery delivery service, Milkruns founder Dany Milham says.We have hubs all around the city that allow us to pick and pack your order. You can order anything [online] that you order at a grocery store or supermarket.And [we] deliver it to you in 10 minutes.Milkruns one of the biggest players in this space and, after pitching itself to investors, now has $86 million in capital behind it.In just six months, its used that cash to open more than 40 so-called dark supermarkets across Sydney.Its also just launched one in Melbourne, making it the first of its kind to break into two major capital city markets. Milkruns founder Dany Milham made his mark with another online venture, Koala.(ABC News: Niall Lenihan )The company is pinning its hopes on a consumer trend thats been exacerbated by the pandemic.Everyones moving towards buying stuff online. Its just taken a while for the grocery industry to catch up, Milham says.How do tech companies deliver groceries in 10 minutes?Milkruns not the only start-up launching grocery hubs in Australia.Voly and Send are two other companies racing into the market. Both have also secured smaller amounts of capital investment.The companies are all pitching themselves on quick delivery – within half an hour.That compares to 60 minutes or even next-day delivery largely offered until now by the major supermarkets. At various times during the pandemic, Woolworths delivery times were even several days after ordering. Milkruns packers get two minutes to fulfil an order once it comes in.(ABC News: Emilia Terzon)To beat the clock, the tech start-ups are opening small distribution centres stocked with groceries in mostly inner-city locations. Only people who live near them can put in orders.And as soon as you put an order through, we have two minutes to pick and pack, Milham says.And then we have eight minutes to deliver.Milham says one of the keys to this Amazon-like process is having internally employed delivery riders who are always on stand-by in their hubs.This compares to the gig economy model championed by Uber, which relies on freelancers who may not always be around the corner. Milkrun employs delivery riders to get its groceries to people as quickly as possible.(ABC News: Niall Lenihan )What people are ordering and whenVolys most popular item is a carton of eggs.People seem to love fresh eggs in the morning, Volys co-founder Mark Heath says.I think people forget them. They wake up in the morning a bit groggy and thats when were there for you.But its not just fresh eggs. We very seldom see that being a one item basket. It comes with a lot of other things.His company is pitching itself as a mid-week supermarket shop alternative, however Barrenjoey found the sector overall is more of a threat to the convenience sector. Tech start-ups are pining their hopes on people being sick of supermarket shopping.(ABC News: Keane Bourke)Heath thinks customer patterns have fundamentally changed, especially during the pandemic, and people no longer want to spend their Sundays shopping for the week.Walking up and down supermarket aisles isnt exactly what people want to do. So theyll switch to a service like ours, Heath says.This trend could steal 15 per cent of the grocery marketNeither Voly nor Milkrun are actually profitable yet.Unlike physical stores, these companies have reduced rents, which keeps down costs. But they also dont have the buying power of the supermarket chains.Were about 10 per cent more expensive than Coles, Volys Mark Heath says.A recent paper by equity research company Barrenjoey looked at how these apps prices compare to the established supermarkets.It found basics that people tend to buy often, like milk and bread, were comparable with the supermarkets. Yet more speciality items, like strawberries, were far more expensive.Our analysis of pricing on a small range of products shows that immediacy players tend to sell at a roughly 10 to 30 per cent premium, with premiums ranging dependent on the item, it found.Barrenjoey concluded that this new sectors profitability will come down to building up a vast network.I dont think itll be profitable for a number of years, Barrenjoeys analyst Tom Kierath says.Thats because it takes time to scale. And with most of these online markets, there tends to be one or two players, but here weve got a number of players at the moment.These companies are replicating what theyve seen overseas. Tom Kierath is a consumer trends analyst at equity research company Barranjoey.(ABC News: John Gunn)Milkruns Dany Milham acknowledges that itll take scale to reach profitability. Hes also dipping into in-house or private label groceries to improve margins.Weve got a range coming out with individual products that theyll be launching soon, he says.Thats quite an easy path to go down without price gouging.If the sector takes off, Barrenjoeys research concludes it will have a profound effect.It estimates it could potentially steal 10 to 15 per cent of the grocery market off established players by 2025. That would make it worth $1.5 to $2 billion.Some of that will come out of the supermarkets. Thats for sure, Barrenjoeys Tom Kierath says.How are supermarkets fighting back?The major supermarkets arent sitting idle.This month Coles and Woolworths both posted company results that outlined how theyre pushing further into online grocery shopping and home delivery.Coles says it grew its online sales by 8.2 per cent last half, and it now has same-day delivery from 500 stores nationally.Its also teaming up with a tech company Ocado to build warehouses staffed by robots for online deliveries. It expects these to launch by 2024.Meanwhile, competitors Woolworths and IGA are both teaming up with existing delivery apps to get groceries to people sooner. Some delivery companies are both partnering with major supermarkets to deliver groceries.(ABC News: Gavin Coote)The likes of Menulog and UberEats have, until now, been largely associated with takeaway food.But just this month – in a sign of how fast things are moving – Menulog also announced its partnering with hundreds of petrol stations and IGA supermarkets nationally, including in regional Australia.Were seeing exponential demand for convenience and grocery deliveries across all parts of Australia, Menulogs managing director Morten Belling says.Woolworths last year launched a similar partnership with Uber at 60 of its stores nationally. Its pitch is delivery within 60 minutes.Thats getting a very strong resonance, Woolworths chief executive Brad Banducci says.Another tech start-up Aircart is about to launch in partnership with an existing retailer that it cant yet reveal. Its model involves sending personal shoppers into supermarkets who then also deliver it.Like Menulog and Uber, itll pay those shoppers under the gig economy model, where theyre paid as freelancers for each delivery.The supermarkets provide a rebate to us for the services that we provide, Aircarts founder Haddon Dixon says.Theres also a small suitable delivery fee paid by either consumers or the retailers in some unique circumstances.The big loser could be the humble corner storeBarrenjoeys Tom Kierath believes that while supermarket chains have reason to be worried about more competition, the biggest threat is to convenience stores like 7-Eleven or the local milk bar.Ahmed Shrif owns a small corner store in inner-city Sydney called Chippendale Scoop. Ahmed Shrif owns a corner store in Sydney that is trying to keep up with the rise of online grocery shopping.(ABC News: John Gunn)He relies on local residents popping down to his store for milk and other discretionary items and he says the rise of dark supermarkets like Milkrun will impact his business if they take off.To fight back, the store owner has been using existing delivery apps like Menulog and UberEats to get his groceries to customers quickly.But these apps also take a cut of his takings. That might be something IGA is willing to absorb to stay relevant but for Mr Shrif, it poses a big conundrum.Theyre taking a big chunk of the profit, he says.We have to increase our products price to balance it out.Mr Shrif is currently designing his own delivery app, which would save on overheads. He hopes its personal touch will also resonate with his local customers.Our regulars always come to us, he says.We want them to always come to our business because without them we cant survive. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000571_A000022	www.pcgamer.com	https://www.pcgamer.com/gabe-newell-seems-to-be-hand-delivering-signed-steam-decks/	ZAF	At least two users on Reddit have reported that they received Steam Decks hand-delivered by Valves head honcho himself, Gabe Newell, complete with his signature on the included case.User SeattleRainPidgeons, , claims to have seen Newell and a camera crew making a delivery to their neighbors house. They greeted him, at which point he asked how many people lived in their house and then gave them signed Decks despite not having preorder reservations. I am happy for them, but also extremely jealous.Another user by the curious name of bitfidler0 in the r/SteamDeck community, but had slightly worse luck. They were out all day with friends on a ski trip, and their wife accepted the delivery without really knowing who Newell was. This is what you get for planning outdoor leisure activities with your friends. On the plus side, bitfidler0 claims they did not have to pay for their preorder, and that they received a higher-spec version than they requested to boot.Both accounts have existed for several years, and seem to be unrelated. Bitfidler0 posted a front door camera shot of GabeN himself, masked and a little blurry, but it certainly looks like the Valve boss. Another indication of these stories veracity is that the signature on both cases does match a of Newells John Hancock shared on Reddit.I wouldnt get your hopes up about the prospect of a deus ex Gabena fulfilling your Steam Deck dreams—this looks like a one-time promo event in the Seattle area. I will say though, my door will always be open if they decide to take this show on the road. Usually when a stranger rings my doorbell its just a scammer pretending to be my energy company. 
20220227_144857_aus_C000642_A000025	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/music/2022/feb/27/avril-lavigne-love-sux-review-party-like-its-2002	AUS	The last album from everyone’s favourite tie-over-T-shirt pioneer was 2019’s underwhelming, dreich . Which, thanks to the pandemic, feels like yesterday and a decade ago all at once. finds Avril Lavigne returning to the early 00s pop-punk roots that made her name and produced MTV-saturating hits such as . It’s a nostalgic vibe heightened by this being Lavigne’s first record released on Travis Barker (of Blink-182)’s DTA label, and there’s a collaboration with the band’s singer, Mark Hoppus, on All I Wanted; perhaps the album’s best track. It’s all much needed, high-energy fun.Lead single Bite Me is a vengeful crash of drums and guitar directed towards an ex who gets short shrift throughout (F.U. is lyrically typical in its “I’m over you” refrain), and, in an enjoyable twist, Bois Lie has rapper Machine Gun Kelly playing the ex. The uncharitable take would be that a 37-year-old still writing lyrics in txt spk is quite cringe, but the truth is that Love Sux – three-minute banger after three-minute banger, complete with classic Lavigne “woah-oh-ohs” – is exuberant enough to have you slipping on a pair of Vans and partying like it’s 2002. It’s an air drummer’s dream. 
20220301_142338_tza_C000037_A000012	www.parisbeacon.com	https://www.parisbeacon.com/53001/	TZA	Nairobi, Feb 27 (Latest).- The authorities of the African island nation of Comoros are investigating the accident suffered this Saturday by a small plane that crashed into the sea during a flight between two islands of the archipelago in which 14 people were travelling, whose bodies They haven’t recovered yet. As reported today by the local newspaper “Habari za Comores”, the country’s government appointed an investigation commission after a small plane from the Comorian company AB Aviation crashed this Saturday during a flight between the capital, Moroni (on the island of Grande Comore) and the island of Mohéli. The company confirmed yesterday through Facebook that the device, model CESSNA 208B, took off from Moroni airport at 11:50 local time (08:50 GMT) and “disappeared from radar in the sea about 2.5 kilometers from Mohéli airport” . According to a statement released on Saturday by the country’s Ministry of Transport, “the control towers of the Moroni and Bandar Es Salam airports (in Mohéli) lost contact with the device around 12:40.” Twelve Comorian passengers and two Tanzanian crew members were traveling in the plane, authorities said. “Search operations are ongoing by mobilized state services,” the government added. Late on Saturday, the company confirmed that the Comorian Coast Guard had found remains of the aircraft and some pieces of luggage on the coast of the town of Djoiezi (in Mohéli). According to local media reports, the country’s president, Azali Assoumani, met today with the families of the victims and conveyed his condolences at one of the service points established by AB Aviation. On the other hand, through her Twitter account, the country’s Minister of Health, Solidarity, Social Security and Gender Promotion, Loub Yakouti Attoumane, lamented the accident and offered her condolences to the families of the victims. “Despite the search efforts (…) no sign of life of the passengers. Let us pray for a miracle,” the minister said this Saturday. Still no news of the bodies, the Mohéli Marine National Park (south coast of the island) has joined the search operations with its speedboats and divers. The archipelago was the scene of another plane crash on June 30, 2009, in which 152 people died and only one girl survived when an Airbus of the Air Yemenia company that was flying from Sana (Yemen) -initially from Paris- to the capital Comoros crashed in the waters of the archipelago. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000216_A000007	www.nytimes.com	https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/27/nyregion/new-york-mask-mandate-schools.html	USA	Mayor Eric Adams said on Sunday that New York City was preparing to eliminate school mask mandates and for restaurants, gyms and movie theaters by March 7 if reports of new coronavirus cases in the city remain low.Many in the city hope the rollback will help restore a sense of normalcy in the city and boost its economic recovery. Both Mr. Adams and Gov. Kathy Hochul of New York have focused on reviving the city, where the unemployment rate has .Mr. Adams, who has said for weeks that he was eager to remove virus-related restrictions, promised to make a final decision by Friday. He said he wanted to give business owners time to adapt — a nod to the toll that the virus and related restrictions have taken on small businesses.Ms. Hochul announced on Sunday that a statewide mask mandate for schools would be lifted on Wednesday, leaving mask policy to local school officials after that.The governor said the mandate had been vital in battling the Omicron surge, which has now largely receded. “When I look back at what was going on just a short time ago, I am so happy that we did have a mask requirement in place for schools at the time,” she said. “That’s how we kept these numbers from getting even worse.”On Saturday, a statewide seven-day average test positivity rate below 2 percent, and fewer than 2,000 hospitalizations, for the first time since last fall. The state is now reporting an average of about 2,400 new coronavirus cases a day, roughly the same as in early August and far below the peak of more than 74,000 a day in mid-January.Updated June 3, 2022, 12:10 p.m. ETNew York City’s vaccine mandate for indoor dining, movie theaters and gyms, known as the , was imposed by Mr. Adams’s predecessor, Bill de Blasio. The city’s vaccine requirement for most municipal employees remains in effect.About of students in city schools have received at least one dose of coronavirus vaccine, the city reported last week, compared with about 96 percent of adults.Dr. Uché Blackstock, a doctor who focuses on health equity, said that student vaccination rates varied widely from one New York City neighborhood to another, and that her children, who attend public schools in the city, would continue to wear masks.“Removing mask policies in these schools is dangerous,” .Sunday’s announcements were celebrated by many across the state. “The business community is eager to get beyond pandemic conditions and restrictions,” said Kathryn Wylde, president of the Partnership for New York City. And Republican lawmakers like Rob Ortt, the minority leader in the State Senate, called the moves long overdue.However, in a by the Siena College Research Institute, 58 percent of New York registered voters said the state should wait to drop the mask mandate in schools until after reviewing data for early March. And 45 percent of respondents disapproved of the state dropping mask mandates in private businesses.Michael Mulgrew, president of the United Federation of Teachers, which represents teachers in New York City, said the union would “confer with our own independent doctors, look at the data from take-home test kits and random in-school testing this week, and make sure all of that is taken into account as New York City reviews its own school masking policy.” 
20220227_144857_mys_C000253_A000017	www.lowyat.net	https://www.lowyat.net/2022/267164/pokemon-scarlet-violet/	MYS	Three years after the release of , Nintendo has now announced the ninth generation of the ever-growing franchise. And it’s a pretty strange entry, especially when it comes to the creature designs. But first, the name. The new generation games are called Pokemon Scarlet and Violet. The two colours hardly sound like a pair or opposites, so the name is pretty contrived. From the announcement trailer, the new region looks to be based on another European country, what with the castle and windmills being pretty prominent elements in them. Then there’s the three starter Pokemon. The grass type Sprigatito looks mostly congruent to the series’ design language, but the fire type Fuecoco looks a lot like a Super Mario jobber grunt enemy. Then there’s Quaxly, which looks a little Disney-esque, and not specifically in a Donald Duck kind of way.ADVERTISEMENT Source: The Pokemon Company / YouTube. Source: The Pokemon Company. On one hand, Pokemon Scarlet and Violet look like Nintendo and The Pokemon Company is trying to switch its mainline entries up more than usual. Depending on the version you play, your player character and rival will also have a different look. There are some design cues taken from Pokemon Legends: Arceus as well. But on the other, it looks like the series is going back to the double release trap, despite legends showing that the series can be great without that formula. Source: The Pokemon Company. Source: The Pokemon Company. Source: The Pokemon Company. Pokemon Scarlet and Violet are slated to be released for the Nintendo Switch later this year. No specific date, but considering series tradition, it will likely be some time in November. (Source: , ) 
20220227_144857_ind_C000265_A000023	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/gangubai-kathiawadi-box-office-collection-day-3-alia-bhatt-film-collects-over-rs-38-5-crore-on-first-weekend-101646013155593.html	IND	Gangubai Kathiawadi, starring as the titular figure, had a successful first weekend at the box office. The film had registered an opening of <U+20B9>10.50 crore and had collected <U+20B9>13.32 crore on day two. It showed decent growth on Sunday, collecting around <U+20B9>15.30 crore, taking its weekend collections to around <U+20B9>39.12 crore. With a positive response at the box office, the Sanjay Leela Bhansali film is said to have revived the movie theatres in India after the coronavirus pandemic. Also read:Sharing the Sunday collections, film trade analyst Taran Adarsh tweeted, #GangubaiKathiawadi brings cheer, confidence and cinegoers back, solid total in Wknd 1… Day 3 sees big gains [most places]… #Mumbai, #Thane, #Pune, #Gujarat, #Delhi, #SouthIndia [parts] key contributors… Fri 10.50 cr, Sat 13.32 cr, Sun 15.30 cr. Total: <U+20B9>39.12 cr. #India biz. is expected to get a ‘boost with the Maha Shivratri holiday on Monday. Taran wrote on Twitter, #GangubaiKathiawadi needs to show healthy trending on Day 4 [Mon]… #MahaShivratri [Day 5; Tue] is expected to boost biz, should hit <U+20B9>50 cr on Tue itself… Wed + Thu remains extremely crucial, will decide if it can touch/cross <U+20B9>60 cr mark in *Week 1*. Taran Adarsh also confirmed that the film is performing good overseas as well. Sharing the overseas collections of the film, he tweeted, #GangubaiKathiawadi #Overseas: Opng Wknd biz…#UK: Ł 243,853 [ <U+20B9>2.46 cr] #Australia: A$ 376,223 [ <U+20B9>2.04 cr] #NZ: NZ$ 62,483 [ <U+20B9>31.63 lacs] #Germany: € 21,851 [ <U+20B9>18.44 lacs] #NorthAmerica: Has crossed $ 1 million [ <U+20B9>7.50 cr+]. Final biz in evening. @comScore. He had earlier tweeted, “SLB: The big crowd puller in overseas… #SLB enjoys a loyal fan base in the international markets… #HDDCS, #Devdas, till #Padmaavat, every film was a money spinner #Overseas… Now #GangubaiKathiawadi is doing wonders in key #Overseas markets.” Gangubai Kathiawadi revolves around a young woman who was forced into sex trade and eventually became a prominent and celebrated figure in the Kamathipura red-light district of Mumbai. It also stars Ajay Devgn, Vijay Raaz, Shantanu Maheshwari and Seema Pahwa. 
20220227_144857_isr_C000270_A000038	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220227/New-dialysis-system-shows-ability-to-make-sterile-medical-grade-water-at-the-point-of-care.aspx	ISR	Findings from preliminary tests of a new dialysis system have confirmed its ability to make sterile, medical-grade water to provide an affordable, accessible home-based treatment option for patients with kidney failure. This means that the Ellen Medical Devices Point-of-Care dialysis system can create peritoneal dialysis fluid (a mix of sterile water, electrolytes, and glucose) affordably where treatment is most needed. Presenting at the World Nephrology Congress during the Late Breaking Clinical Trial Session, Dr Ben Talbot, Clinical Advisor for Ellen Medical Devices said: The manufacture and transportation of peritoneal dialysis fluid can be both financially and environmentally costly. Creating the treatment fluid at the point-of-care offers a new low-cost solution to reach more individuals who need critical treatment for kidney failure around the world, particularly in the most resource-poor and remote environments. Millions of people globally die unnecessarily every year because they cannot access treatment for kidney failure, with most of these preventable deaths occurring in China, India, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Nigeria. In 2010, 2.6 million people were receiving kidney replacement therapy for terminal kidney failure but as many as seven million could be missing out on life-saving treatment. These numbers are growing by 7% annually and are projected to increase dramatically to 5.4 million by 2030, with most of the increase in developing countries. The research team tested the pure water distiller component of the dialysis system using tap water in a laboratory in Sydney, Australia. Distilled water produced by a patented small, portable pure water distiller was collected and tested for total organic carbon and conductivity levels to assess water purity. After an initial running in period, the distiller produced water which met the standards suitable for use in dialysis fluid. The Ellen Medical Devices Point-of-Care system has been designed to sterilize water from any source to produce peritoneal dialysis fluid to help address the huge unmet need for dialysis globally. We will build on these encouraging initial results by conducting several clinical studies over the next year with the first starting in coming months. It will be so exciting to see kidney patients using our system to create peritoneal dialysis fluid in their own homes. Professor John Knight, Managing Director of Ellen Medical Devices 
20220227_144857_nam_C000274_A000033	eu.cincinnati.com	https://eu.cincinnati.com/story/entertainment/2022/02/28/rocket-hit-moon-not-spacex-turns-out-so-what-it/6899069001/	NAM	Dean Regas | Special to Cincinnati EnquirerAstronomers have spotted a UFO in deep space. It’s not aliens, but most likely a . But which rocket is it? How did it get there? And why is it going to hit the moon? First spotted in 2015, astronomers thought the object might be a near-Earth asteroid, a natural chunk of rock or metal that occasionally strays closer to our planet. But further observations revealed it to be a discarded body of a rocket.The mystery object was then largely forgotten until last month when an astronomer, Bill Gray, determined it was on a . Gray calculated that the old rocket would slam into the lunar surface on March 4, 2022. Which rocket is it?There are tons of discarded rocket bodies in space and most of their pathways are known. Gray in 2015 that delivered a satellite into space, then didnt have enough fuel to return to Earth. But NASA engineer Jon Giorgoni discovered that the mystery rocket could not be from SpaceX. So, what is it? Now, astronomers believe the most likely culprit is a Chinese Long March 3C rocket, which launched the Chang’e-5 T1 spacecraft in 2014. If true, the Long March 3C rocket body has been circling around the solar system for more than seven years. Slowly, it has been drawn into the moons gravity and will crash into the far side of the moon at about 5,700 miles per hour. Will we be able to watch the crash?Unfortunately, since it will impact a side of the moon not visible from Earth, we won’t be able to observe the blast with backyard telescopes. Instead, astronomers hope to witness the fall using robotic crafts orbiting the moon. NASAs Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) and Indias Chandrayaan 2 may be positioned to observe the impact site and, hopefully, the crash itself.Although the moon’s surface is heavily cratered, it’s extremely rare to actually see anything hit the moon. Very few impacts have been photographed from Earth, but a recent survey of LRO images taken over time have revealed . NASA’s Lunar Impact Monitoring program observes the darkened portions of the moon for flashes of light – tell-tale signs of an impacting meteorite that hit the lunar surface at 45,000-160,000 miles per hour.How will this mystery object impact the moon? What size crater will it make? Tune in on March 4 to see the blast. Stay up to date at .Dean Regas is the astronomer at the Cincinnati Observatory and author of the books Facts From Space! and 100 Things to See in the Night Sky. He can be reached at dean@cincinnatiobservatory.org 
20220227_144857_aus_C000280_A000011	www.9news.com.au	https://www.9news.com.au/world/russia-ukraine-war-crisis-live-updates-latest-breaking-news-headlines-february-28-2022/8aea44f7-41fe-49cc-b758-8071987d6c3f	AUS	By car, train, foot and — in at least one case — office chair, tens of thousands of Ukrainian war refugees have sought safety in the bordering nations of Poland, Romania, Hungary, Moldova, and the Czech Republic.The chaotic run for freedom was captured by Associated Press photographers as more than an estimated 100,000 people have been forced to flee the country during the Russian invasion.The UN has estimated the conflict could produce as many as 4 million refugees with devastating humanitarian consequences.As a seemingly endless column of cars lined up to cross into Moldova at the Mayaky-Udobne border point, some opted to walk alongside cars pulling luggage. Others walked toward borders bundled in heavy winter coats, gloves, warm hats — some with dogs in tow, others pulling baby strollers piled with bags of belongings.There were emotional goodbyes as people parted at train stations and tearful reunions as family members embraced upon reaching one of the neighbouring countries that has opened their borders to refugees.Families gathered in tents in Siret, Romania. Children were offered toys.At the train station in Lviv on Sunday, the lucky were able to board a train bound for Chop on the border with Hungary. Others had to wait to see if another train would arrive. 
20220227_144857_aus_C000280_A000036	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220227/No-seroprevalence-observed-against-SARS-CoV-2-in-wild-ruminants-in-Germany.aspx	AUS	A team of scientists from Germany has recently conducted a serological screening on wild animals to assess seroprevalence against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) and other pathogenic viruses related to domestic ruminants. The findings reveal that wild animals are not susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection. High seropositivity has only been observed against the Schmallenberg virus. The study is currently available on the * preprint server while awaiting peer review. Study: . Image Credit: WildMedia / Shutterstock Many infectious pathogens relevant to public health can infect wild animals, turning them into reservoirs of a plethora of viruses and bacteria. As a result, these animals possess a constant risk of zoonotic transmission of pathogens to humans. In central Europe, the majority of wild ruminants are susceptible to two insect-borne viruses, namely bluetongue virus and Schmallenberg virus. While infection with the Schmallenberg virus is known to cause fever, diarrhea, reduced milk production, and reproductive defects in domestic ruminants, the bluetongue virus primarily causes subclinical infections. However, vascular injuries from bluetongue virus infection can induce systemic hemorrhagic fever, which has a high mortality rate. Besides insect-borne viruses, there are many pathogens that can infect both wild and domestic animals via direct contact. These pathogens include the bovine viral diarrhea virus and border disease virus. In the ongoing coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, many cases of natural SARS-CoV-2 infection in American mink, ferrets, felines, canines, and primates from human exposure have been identified. Infection of SARS-CoV-2 in white-tailed deer has also been detected in North America. This raises a concern that these animals may potentially act as reservoirs capable of reintroducing the virus to humans. In the current study, the scientists have investigated the seroprevalence against SARS-CoV-2 infection in European wild ruminants. In addition, they have assessed seropositivity against four viruses of veterinary relevance, including bluetongue virus, Schmallenberg virus, bovine viral diarrhea virus, and border disease virus. Study design A total of 493 samples collected from wild ruminants during 2021 – 2022 in Germany were included for the serological analysis. The study animals included fallow deer, red deer, roe deer, mouflon, and wisent (European bison). For SARS-CoV-2 seropositivity analysis, additional 307 samples collected between 2017 and 2020 were included. Proportion of wild ruminant samples that tested positive (red) for antibodies against the Culicoides-transmitted viruses Schmallenberg virus (left) and bluetongue virus (right). BY – Bavaria, HE – Hesse, MV – Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, NW – North Rhine-Westphalia, RP – Rhineland-Palatinate Serology of veterinary viruses About 13% of samples collected between September 2021 and January 2022 showed seropositivity against the Schmallenberg virus. Except wisent, individual animals from every studied species were affected by the Schmallenberg virus. In contrast, all samples except one showed seronegativity against the bluetongue virus. The only sample that tested positive against bluetongue virus was collected from a fallow deer of unknown age. Regarding bovine viral diarrhea virus and border disease virus, all samples showed seronegativity. Serology of coronaviruses About 5% of samples collected during 2021 – 2022 tested positive for anti-SARS-CoV-2 spike receptor-binding domain (RBD) antibodies. To further confirm the seropositivity of samples, virus neutralization test was conducted using replicating SARS-CoV-2. In this confirmatory test, none of the samples showed seropositivity against SARS-CoV-2. The analysis of samples collected before and during the COVID-19 pandemic revealed that about 6.5% of samples have antibodies against the SARS-CoV-2 spike RBD. However, the seropositivity of these samples could not be confirmed by virus neutralization test. Further analysis of SARS-CoV-2 seropositive samples collected before and during the pandemic revealed that about 90% of the samples have antibodies against the spike RBD of SARS-CoV-1, the causative pathogen of the 2002–2004 SARS outbreak. Both SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 belong to the subgenus Sarbecovirus of the beta-. Overall, these findings highlight the presence of at least one previously unknown coronavirus in the wildlife population that is closely related to viruses of the Sarbecovirus subgenus. The antibodies developed against this unknown coronavirus have shown cross-reactivity against both SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2. Study significance The serological screening conducted in the study reveals that wild ruminants in Germany are not susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection. However, these animals have shown high seroprevalence against the Schmallenberg virus. The seropositivity against SARS-CoV-2 observed in some animals could be due to another previously unknown coronavirus belonging to the subgenus Sarbecovirus of beta-coronaviruses. *Important notice bioRxiv publishes preliminary scientific reports that are not peer-reviewed and, therefore, should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or treated as established information. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000283_A000024	variety.com	https://variety.com/2022/digital/news/hbo-max-crashes-euphoria-season-2-finale-1235191382/	LVA	was briefly unavailable for many users on Sunday evening — just when the “” Season 2 finale was set to hit the streamer. User reports of problems accessing HBO Max began to spike at 8:55 p.m. ET, according to service monitoring site DownDetector, with errors concentrated in the Northeast U.S. The final episode of HBO hit “Euphoria” S2, “All My Life, My Heart Has Yearned for a Thing I Cannot Name,” was scheduled to go live at 9 p.m. ET. Error messages that users were shown included, “Can’t Connect. We’re having issues connecting to HBO Max right now. Please try again.” On connected-TV devices, HBO Max showed the error message, “Something Went Wrong. Sorry, we’re having trouble communicating with the service. Please close the app and try again.” HBO Max’s mobile device was giving users an error message that their device was not connected to the internet. “We’ve seen the tweets from some of our users who had trouble accessing HBO Max around 9 p.m. ET and are engaging directly to help get them back into the platform,” a WarnerMedia rep wrote in an email statement. “This short interruption has since been resolved.” Access to HBO Max appeared to be restored within half an hour of the initial problems. Complaints on DownDetector spiked to more than 52,000 as of 9:05 p.m. ET, but had slowed down to under 4,000 by 9:20 p.m. It’s not the first time HBO Max has had trouble handling traffic for a high-demand event. In May 2021, the service was down for about a half hour when the finale of “Mare of Easttown,” the critically acclaimed limited-series crime drama starring Kate Winslet, was set to premiere. optional screen reader Read More About: 
20220227_144857_uga_C000285_A000022	variety.com	https://variety.com/2022/awards/news/sag-awards-ukraine-brian-cox-michael-keaton-1235191195/	UGA	Several actors made emotional references to the situation in during their speeches at Sunday’s Screen Actors Guild awards ceremony. While accepting the award for best drama ensemble on behalf of HBO’s “Succession,” called attention to the way Russia’s actions affect actors and artists in particular. “One other thing I would like to add,” Cox said after praising his fellow cast and crew members, “which I think is important to me and I hope important to you as actors and performers and writers and directors, [is] what’s going on in Ukraine. It’s truly, truly awful. It’s particularly awful in terms of [how] it’s affecting people particularly in our profession. The President of Ukraine [Volodymyr Zelensky] was a comic. He was a wonderful comic performer. And we should respect that. To come to the presidency was amazing. But the thing that really distressed me is what’s happening in Russia, to my fellow actors and actresses and performers and writers and critics. They are told, under pain of high treason, they cannot say a word about Ukraine. I think that is awful. I think we should all stand together also for those people. The people in Russia who don’t like what’s going on, and particularly the artists. I think we should join and celebrate them and hope that they can make a shift. Because I believe they can.” , who won best actor in a television movie or limited series for “Dopesick,” also mentioned the President’s history as a performer. “We have a fellow actor in Zelensky, who deserves some credit for fighting the fight,” Keaton said. Earlier in the ceremony, after the opening montage of nominated films and television series, Leslie Odom Jr. reminded the audience to keep thinking of Ukraine despite the joy of the ceremony. “While tonight is a celebration, we are all at the same time holding a place in our hearts for the people of Ukraine and sending our thoughts, prayers and hopes for impending peace,” he said. Fran Drescher, who serves as president of SAG, began her speech by “extending prayers” to the people of Ukraine. Additionally, many of the celebrities in the audience wore pins of the Ukrainian flag to show their support. Numerous entertainment organizations have voiced support for Ukraine over the past few days as a response to the country’s invasion by Russian military forces on Thursday morning. NBC’s “Saturday Night Live” its weekly broadcast with a tribute involving a chorus performing “Prayer for Ukraine” and decor evoking the nation’s colors of blue and yellow. optional screen reader Read More About: 
20220227_144857_mys_C000299_A000020	www.huaweicentral.com	https://www.huaweicentral.com/huawei-p30-pro-february-2022-security-update-rolling-out/	MYS	software version is spreading like fire among global consumers. At the moment, every global Huawei device user is eagerly waiting to get hands-on it. In the meantime, Huawei has disclosed an official for its eligible devices in India and other countries. Aside from all markets, Huawei has launched only fewer devices in . Therefore, it has not belonged to Huawei’s major market list. According to EMUI 12 rollout roadmap, two prominent smartphones P30 and Mate 20 Pro are eligible to grab the latest software version in India. Since January 2022, Huawei has initially started the rollout of stable EMUI 12 updates for top flagships including Mate 40, Mate 30 Pro, and P40 in Europe, the Middle East, and more. Speaking about , this EMUI software version comes with a new and better user interface, refreshed animations, enhanced and separate notification as well as control panel, fast file transfer Huawei Share and improved security tools. So Huawei Indian users, are you excited to get the latest EMUI 12 software and want to know when will it be rollout for you? Below, you can check the complete information. Updated on April 27, 2022 India Huawei P30 Pro: Completed (End of April 2022) Huawei Mate 20 Pro: Completed (Early April 2022) Furthermore, you can also keep one eye on the update section instead of waiting for the OTA notification. To check updates manually, open the settings menu, tap on system & updates followed by software updates. From here, tap on CHECK FOR UPDATES and let the phone check update for you. Send us tips on the contacts mentioned below: Screenshots@huaweicentral.com Tips@huaweicentral.com Message us on 
20220227_144857_gha_C000305_A000033	www.deccanherald.com	https://www.deccanherald.com/science-and-environment/venus-shows-its-hot-cloudy-side-1085863.html	GHA	Venus is so hot that its surface glows visibly at night through its thick clouds. That is what pictures taken by NASA’s Parker Space Probe have revealed.The planet’s average temperature hovers around 860 degrees Fahrenheit, and thick clouds of sulfuric acid obscure the view. Until now, the only photographs of the Venusian surface were taken by four Soviet spacecraft that successfully landed there in the 1970s and 1980s, operating briefly before succumbing to the hellish environs.During flybys of Venus, the Parker spacecraft pointed its cameras at the night side of Venus. It was able to see the visible wavelengths of light, including the reddish colours that verge on the infrared that can pass through the clouds. “It’s a new way of looking at Venus that we’ve never even tried before—in fact, weren’t even sure it was possible,” said Lori Glaze, director of NASA’s planetary division.In the Parker photographs, hotter locales, such as low-lying volcanic plains, appeared brighter while those at higher altitudes such as Aphrodite Terra, one of three continent-sized regions on Venus, were about 85 degrees cooler and darker.Also Read — “It’s like you’re heating up a piece of iron,” said Brian Wood, a physicist at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, DC, and lead author of a study published this month in Geophysical Research Letters that described the findings. “It starts to glow a little bit at very red wavelengths. And so that’s what we’re seeing: the surface of Venus glowing at very red wavelengths, because it’s so hot.”The photographs also showed a halo of luminescent oxygen in the atmosphere. “We’ve been able to take these really, really beautiful, stunning images,” said Nicola Fox, director of NASA’s heliophysics division.For Wood and other scientists working on the mission, the research was a crash course in planetary science. “I’ve never studied planets,” Wood said. “We’re all solar physicists. We’re experts on the sun, not planets.”As its name indicates, the mission of the Parker Solar Probe is to probe the sun, withstanding searing temperatures as it dives through the sun’s outer atmosphere. By design, the trajectory of the Parker spacecraft makes several close flybys of Venus, using the planet’s gravity as a brake to allow it to get closer and closer to the sun.The single-camera instrument, known as the Wide-Field Imager for Parker Solar Probe, or WISPR, is not designed to look directly at the sun, which is far too bright, especially at close distances. Rather, WISPR peers to the side, at charged particles known as the solar wind that emanate from the sun at 1 million mph.Also Read — Before the launch of the Parker Solar Probe in 2018, Glaze and Fox, then the project scientist for the mission, discussed the possibility of turning on the instruments during the Venus flybys. But no firm plans were made until after launch and the Parker Space Probe was operating smoothly. “That was just because of safety concerns,” Fox said. “Until you’re up on orbit, you don’t really know how your spacecraft flies.”Designed to capture dim solar wind particles, WISPR turned out to be adept at making out the faint glow on Venus’ night side.It took a bit of trial and error to figure that out. In July 2020, on the first flyby where the camera was turned on, the scientists found out that if any part of the day side of Venus were in the field of view, the picture turned out to be much too overexposed. “We didn’t really know what we were doing,” Wood said. “We quickly learned that that leads to a completely unusable image.”But there were two images of just the night side. “Those are the images that revealed to us, ‘Wow, OK, so now we’re seeing something,’” Wood said.The scientists were better prepared when their spacecraft made another flyby last February, capturing enough images to put together in a movie.Other orbiting spacecraft, including Japan’s Akatsuki and the European Space Agency’s Venus Express, observed similar patterns at longer infrared wavelengths, which are not visible to the human eye. Whether an astronaut in orbit above Venus’ night side would see the glowing that Parker detected is unclear, Wood said, because the human eye can barely detect these wavelengths.Because different materials glow at different intensities at different wavelengths, it might be possible to combine the Parker data with the infrared observations from the other spacecraft to help identify some of the minerals on the surface. “This is where we’d like to go with these data, but we haven’t gotten that far yet,” Wood said.Also Read — The data will also help future Venus missions such as NASA’s DAVINCI+, which is to launch at the end of the decade and send a probe parachuting to the surface. “I think it’s going to be a real exciting time,” said James Garvin, principal investigator for DAVINCI+. “Venus is going to come alive.”The Parker Space Probe will not have another good look at the night side of Venus until the final flyby in November 2024.Wood noted a historical symmetry to his Venus findings. In 1962, the first successful interplanetary probe, NASA’s Mariner 2 mission to Venus, confirmed the existence of the solar wind. That was a prediction of Eugene Parker, an astrophysicist who is the namesake of the mission he now works on.“I just find it fascinating that this connection between Venus research and solar wind research has been there from the beginning,” Wood said.Watch the latest DH Videos here: 
20220227_144857_pak_C000326_A000007	www.thenews.com.pk	https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/937313-polio-vaccination-drive-begins	PAK	LAHORE:The national campaign against polio will kick off from Monday (today) all over Pakistan, including Punjab. It will be a five-day campaign including two days allocated for catch-up to reach the missed children”, the newly-appointed head of the polio programme and Emergency Operations Centre (EOC) Coordinator Ms Syedah Ramallah Ali confirmed here on Saturday. “Over 22 million children will be reached for vaccination during the campaign”, Ms Ramallah added. Over 150,000 polio workers will participate in the campaign including area-in-charges, district and union council supervisors, mobile team, fixed team members and transit team members.The Provincial Emergency Operations Centre has deployed experts from all areas to facilitate preparedness and implementation of campaign activities by the local teams in priority areas. All frontline polio workers have been thoroughly trained on Covid-19 SOPs, protocols, and preventive measures to be followed during household and field visits during vaccination, as well as have been fully equipped with PPEs.“Although Punjab has done exceptionally well to control the virus transmission but reaching and sustaining zero polio cases and transmission requires even greater efforts. Therefore, the programme will continue to focus on implementing high-quality campaigns to reach all children under five years”, the head of the polio programme pledged.“I want to remind all parents and caregivers that immunisation is recognised as one of the world’s most successful and cost-effective health intervention, saving millions of lives around the world. Please do not harm your own children or anyone else’s by refusing polio drops and risking permanent disability or death for your child or anyone else’s. It has been proven over and over in every country, including Pakistan, that polio vaccines are safe and effective”, Ms Syedah Ramallah said.One case of polio was reported nationally in 2021 last year as compared to 84 in 2020. Pakistan alongwith Afghanistan are the two last remaining polio endemic countries on the globe. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000326_A000012	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/f7148532-36cd-4683-8f1b-ea79428488c4	PAK	Leverage our market expertise Expert insights, analysis and smart data help you cut through the noise to spot trends, risks and opportunities. Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000326_A000021	www.wionews.com	https://www.wionews.com/technology/whatsapp-to-come-up-with-a-range-of-new-features-for-its-users-457296	PAK	WhatsApp users have a reason to cheer. The app is looking to come up with a range of new features for its Android, Apple iOS, Windows and web users. The features have been spotted by WABetaInfo, which tracks upcoming features in WhatsApp. Let’s find out some of the exciting ones. Now, group admins in WhatsApp will be able to delete messages, which have been sent by other users in the group. It may come up in a future update. Also Read: There will be two-step verification for WhatsApp web/desktop. WhatsApp is also looking to bring message reactions, which are similar to the ones available on Instagram and Facebook Messenger. Not just this, WhatsApp is also working on new animated heart emojis for Android and Apple iOS users. The communities feature will now provide more control to the Group administrators. It may also provide the option to create groups within groups. Also Read: The app is also adding a new search shortcut to the redesigned contact information section. It will be added next to the video call icon. WhatsApp will also allow you to manage privacy settings for status. It will let users edit the list of people, who will be able to see their status updates. It is also planning to enable a new preview for documents, which are shared in chats. The app may also allow users to share media as their WhatApp status and with individual chats or groups in a single window. WhatsApp is also changing the design of the app window seen during group voice calls. (With inputs from agencies) 
20220227_144857_pak_C000326_A000027	www.icc-cricket.com	https://www.icc-cricket.com/news/2508626	PAK	Former Australia allrounder Shane Watson can’t wait to see his old side break a 24-year hiatus and return to Pakistan to play Test cricket next month and is predicting a thrilling series between two of the best teams in the world. Australia will travel to the south Asian country for the first time since 1998 to play a three-match Test series against Pakistan and Watson is expecting an action-packed series with valuable ICC World Test Championship points up for grabs.I am super excited as I know how much the Pakistan people have been starved of cricket,” Watson said on the latest episode of The ICC Review. Video cwc19 28 Feb 22 03:12 ICC Review | Watson awaits Pakistan series They are so cricket obsessed and love nothing more than watching Pakistan play and especially live cricket at home.I was fortunate to play a few Pakistan Super League’s over there and it was one of the most amazing experiences I have had in my life.It is brilliant that Cricket Australia have gone to great lengths to make sure they have got all the information they need to make sure the players’ minds are at ease around the security side of things, so it is going to be a brilliant series.Australia have named an 18-player squad for the series, with untried quick Mark Steketee recently drafted into the squad to replace the injured Michael Neser and uncapped paceman Brendan Doggett remains on standby should any further injury occur.The Australians have also included three spinners in their touring party, with leg-spinner Mitchell Swepson and left-armer Ashton Agar making the trip to support experienced off-spinner Nathan Lyon.But Watson has warned Australia against fiddling too much with their already potent bowling attack as he doesn’t expect the pitches in Pakistan to offer too much to either bowling line-up. From my experience playing the Pakistan Super League, the (pitches in Pakistan) are great batting wickets, Watson noted. Video cwc19 04 Feb 22 03:02 The ICC Review | Ponting on Babar Azam and Shaheen Afridis form The ball doesn’t really turn a lot and certainly not as much as it did when Pakistan played in Dubai and Abu Dhabi.I think it is going to be an exceptional challenge for the Australian team to try and adapt to the Pakistan conditions when they haven’t been there for so long and how they will try to develop their game plan.But for world cricket it is going to be great to get a big tour back to Pakistan and I know Pakistan people are so excited and the fans will be coming out in their droves to watch. Video Match Highlights 11 Nov 21 05:06 Match Highlights: Pakistan v Australia But despite having allegiances to both camps, Watson is remaining loyal to his country of birth when asked to pick who will prevail in the series.I would be surprised if Australia don’t get up, just knowing the Australian bowlers and how well they bowled (against England) during the Ashes,” he said.It was relentless fast bowling across the board and everyone really complemented each other really well and Pakistan are going to need to bat out of their skins just to stay in the game.My gut is telling me Australia will win the series if they score enough runs, as I believe their bowlers will be good enough to put the Pakistan batters under a lot of pressure.The first of three WTC Tests commences in Rawalpindi on March 4, with three ODIs and one T20I to follow. 
20220227_144857_mys_C000328_A000004	www.malaymail.com	https://www.malaymail.com/news/malaysia/2022/02/28/report-making-way-for-muda-in-johor-polls-first-move-in-oppositions-plan-to/2044377	MYS	Lim said if the parties stood for election separately, they would likely fail to secure seats in view of the Melaka and Sarawak state elections where they lost by small margins. — Picture by Hari Anggara By R. LOHESWAR Monday, 28 Feb 2022 10:47 AM MYT KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 28 — Making way for the Malaysian United Democratic Alliance (Muda) to contest in Johor is part of a bigger plan to strengthen the Opposition, with the ultimate goal of forming a government, said DAP’s Lim Guan Eng. The party’s secretary-general told Free Malaysia Today (FMT) the decision to open the door to Muda in Johor was made in good faith and in the principle of winning together. “Winning that seat is not the purpose. Winning seats sufficient to form a government should be the ultimate purpose,” he was quoted as saying by FMT today. Muda will field candidates in seven seats after reaching an agreement with Pakatan Harapan’s Amanah and DAP earlier this month. Muda president Syed Saddiq Abdul Rahman, Amanah president Mohamad Sabu and Lim said the three parties came to an agreement in the interest of broader political cooperation both during and after the election. The seven seats allocated to Muda are Larkin, Tenang, Bukit Kepong, Parit Raja, Machap, Puteri Wangsa and Bukit Permai. Lim said if the parties stood for election separately, they would likely fail to secure seats in view of the Melaka and Sarawak state elections where they lost by small margins. He said the losses were down to a low voter turnout, adding that DAP was trying to foster better communication with voters. Muda will clash with PKR in Larkin, causing some discontent among members of the Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim-led party that announced it would not provide the former with any assistance as Muda had not agreed to the seats PKR initially allocated them. There will be 239 candidates in the Johor polls, paving the way for multi-cornered contests in all 56 seats. The Election Commission has set March 12 as the polling date for the state election and early voting will be on March 8. Johor has 56 state constituencies, with more than 2.59 million voters who are eligible to cast their ballots. The EC is targeting a 70 per cent voter turnout. 
20220227_144857_isr_C000329_A000016	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/bank-ireland-posts-highest-profit-more-than-decade-2022-02-28/	ISR	General view of a branch of the Bank of Ireland with the reflection of Grand Canal Square in the Docklands visible in its windows amid the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic in Dublin, Ireland, October 14, 2020. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne/File PhotoRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comDUBLIN, Feb 28 (Reuters) - Bank of Ireland on Monday posted its biggest annual profit since the global financial crisis more than a decade ago and said it plans to return of 104 million euros ($116 million) to shareholders through dividends and buybacks.Irelands largest lender by assets swung to an underlying full-year pretax profit of 1.37 billion euros from a 374 million euro loss in 2020 when it set aside 1.1 billion euros to cover possible loan defaults owing to COVID-19 disruption.It wrote back 194 million euros of those provisions, helping to almost double profits from the pre-pandemic 758 million euros in 2019. The banks previous highest profit since the Irish banking crisis was 1.2 billion euros in 2015.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comFinance chief Myles OGrady told Reuters a 12% rise in income year on yeare and a 4% drop in costs was a strong endorsement of its strategy to cut costs to 1.5 billion euros by the end of next year and deliver a sustainable return on tangible equity (ROTE) above 10%.Its ROTE was 12.8% last year, which the bank said reflected a strong business performance and the impairment writebacks.OGrady said he expects the European Central Bank (ECB) to increase interest rates over the course of 2022. In an updated estimate, Bank of Ireland said a 100 basis point rise would boost annual net interest income by 274 million euros.The bank said the outlook for 2022 is positive, with total income expected to be in line with 2021 and impairment charges to be below normalised levels while costs continue to fall and distributions increase.Bank of Ireland is also in the process of buying most of KBCs performing Irish assets as the Belgian group leaves the shrinking Irish market. OGrady said there was no indication yet that competition authorities would set any conditions to approve the deal.($1 = 0.8952 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Padraic Halpin Editing by David GoodmanOur Standards: 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000335_A000026	www.news24.com	https://www.news24.com/sport/cricket/proteas/watch-black-caps-opener-takes-one-of-test-crickets-greatest-catches-to-dismiss-marco-jansen-20220228	ZAF	Will Young is congratulated by Kyle Jamieson after his stunning catch.(Photo by Kai Schwoerer/Getty Images) Highlights were few and and far between for New Zealand on Day 4 of the second Test against South Africa in Christchurch, but Will Young at least gave the hosts something to cheer.SCORECARD | Youngs stunning catch at deep midwicket to dismiss South Africas Marco Jansen will go down as one of the best catches in Test cricket history.The opening batsman clung onto a skier that Jansen had clubbed off Colin de Grandhomme, scurrying around the boundary, catching the ball with one hand while ensuring he didnt touch the boundary rope.WATCH the catch in the video clip below:Jansens departure left the Proteas on 219/7 but a rearguard from Kyle Verreynne (136*) and Kagiso Rabada (47) saw the visitors reach 354/9, setting the Kiwis a massive 426-run target.Young couldnt follow up his fielding heroics with the bat as he was dismissed by Rabada for a duck, with . We live in a world where facts and fiction get blurred In times of uncertainty you need journalism you can trust. For 14 free days, you can have access to a world of in-depth analyses, investigative journalism, top opinions and a range of features. Journalism strengthens democracy. Invest in the future today. Thereafter you will be billed R75 per month. You can cancel anytime and if you cancel within 14 days you wont be billed. 
20220227_144857_irl_C000339_A000034	www.upi.com	https://www.upi.com/Science_News/2022/02/28/NASA-SpaceX-Axiom-Ax1-dragon-launch/9391645796963/	IRL	1/6 A SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft sits on top of a Falcon 9 rocket as it is being prepared to launch NASAs SpaceX Crew-3 to the International Space Station from Florida in November. File Photo by Joe Marino/UPI | ORLANDO, Fla., Feb. 28 (UPI) -- NASA and Houston-based Axiom Space are in the final stages of training and preparation to launch the first all-private astronaut mission, Ax-1, to the International Space Station in late March, mission leaders said Monday. But dont call the crew -- three billionaires paying $55 million each -- space tourists, Michael López-Alegría, former astronaut and Ax-1 mission commander, said during a press conference. The crewmates have worked very hard, López-Alegría said. Theyre busy people and theyve taken a lot of time out of their lives to focus on this. And its definitely not a vacation for them. The private crew members are businessmen Larry Connor from Ohio, Mark Pathy of Montreal and Eytan Stibbe Israel. They will focus on space health research, outreach to people on Earth while they are in space and other microgravity science experiments during the 10-day stay. We are not space tourists. I think theres an important role for space tourism, but it is not what Axiom is about, López-Alegría said. Axiom plans to launch on a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket March 30. Liftoff is set for 2:46 p.m. EDT from Complex 39-A at Kennedy Space Center in Florida. López-Alegría, a vice president with Axiom, flew to space four times over a 20-year career at NASA. He will become the first person to command both a civil and a commercial human spaceflight mission. SpaceX is excited to support the mission with Axiom, one of four such private missions planned, Benjamin Reed, senior director, Human Spaceflight Programs for SpaceX, said in the virtual press conference. Reed said work on the rocket and capsule are coming along well at SpaceXs Florida facilities. They are on track for being ready to launch here in about a month, he said. Former NASA official Michael Suffredini, who once managed the International Space Station program, leads Axiom as president and CEO. He said Axiom, not NASA, will take the lead on communications and publicity about the mission, while NASA will practice oversight and monitoring of the space station as usual. Ax-1 only plans to use the U.S. portions of the station, so concerns about Russian aggression in Ukraine wont have much of an impact, he and NASA officials said. The mission is taking more than 25 research experiments that have been developed for microgravity, said Christian Maender, director of Axioms in-space research and manufacturing. They brought to us a portfolio of work and they said, we really want to do some of these things in orbit. And its been a pleasure to work with them and with NASA and the National Lab to really bring these things to fruition, Maender said. NASA astronauts also will help pack the Dragon with additional experiments that have been waiting for a ride home, he said. Connor, an Ohio real estate and financial technology entrepreneur, has flown fighter jets and will be the mission pilot, according to Axioms mission description. Connor previously said he plans to collaborate with the Mayo Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic on medical research, while providing lessons to students at Dayton Early College Academy in his hometown of Dayton, Ohio. Pathy, chief executive of Mavrik, a Montreal investment firm, plans to collaborate with the Canadian Space Agency and the Montreal Childrens Hospital on health-related projects. Eytan Stibbe plans to conduct experiments for Israeli researchers and entrepreneurs coordinated by the Ramon Foundation and the Israel Space Agency, along with educational outreach to Israeli students. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches NASAs third crew to the International Space Station at 9:03 p.m. November 10 from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Photo by Joe Marino/UPI | 
20220227_144857_usa_C000340_A000016	www.cnbc.com	https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/28/chinese-electric-car-start-up-nio-plans-to-list-in-hong-kong-on-march-10.html	USA	Nio Founder and CEO William Li poses outside of the New York Stock Exchange to celebrate his companys IPO.Photo: NYSEBEIJING — U.S.-listed Chinese electric car company is set to offer its shares for trading in Hong Kong on March 10, the start-up announced Monday.The move comes as regulatory risks grow in the U.S. and China for Chinese companies listed in New York, adding compliance challenges for businesses and investors.However, unlike many U.S.-listed Chinese stock offerings in Hong Kong, Nio is not raising new funds or issuing new shares in this listing. Instead, the company is listing by way of introduction, which means a portion of existing shares will be available for trading in Hong Kong.Nio plans to offer those shares for trading under the ticker 9866 starting next Thursday, according to a The Chinese startup said it also applied for a way of introduction listing on the main board of the Singapore Stock Exchange. The electric vehicle company said it has no plans to make the Singapore and Hong Kong-listed shares exchangeable.What are the regulatory risks?Chinese companies are increasingly at from New York exchanges as Washington wants to reduce U.S. investors exposure to businesses that dont comply with U.S. audit checks. Beijing has resisted allowing such foreign scrutiny of domestic businesses due to potential release of sensitive information.In the last year, Beijing has also tightened its control of Chinese businesses ability to raise capital overseas with new and forthcoming rules ranging from data security to filing requirements. The new rules come in the wake of Chinese ride-hailing app s U.S. listing in late June, which drew One of the new rules from the increasingly powerful Cyberspace Administration of China — which took effect Feb. 15 — requires network platform operators with personal data on more than one million users to undergo a cybersecurity review.Nio noted the new rule, among many others, in its filing with the Hong Kong exchange.Based on legal advice from its advisor Han Kun Law Offices, Nio said the company was of the view that the Cybersecurity Review Measures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.As of Monday, we have not been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement to file for approval for this Listing, the company said.Read more about electric vehicles from CNBC ProOn data security, the electric car start-up said it has qualified for Grade III of Chinas Administrative Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security.Grade three is decently high standard for most commercial sectors, said Ziyang Fan, head of digital trade at the World Economic Forum. He pointed out Beijing has specific regulations on auto driving data, that took effect Oct. 1. stirred controversy in early August after a fatal crash.Chinas cybersecurity regulator did not respond to CNBCs request for comment about Nios regulatory risks.The China Securities Regulatory Commission said in a statement to CNBC late Tuesday that But since those rules have yet to take effect, such communication is not required but encouraged, the commission said, noting the rules will not be applied retroactively.The Hong Kong and Singapore exchanges declined to comment on individual companies or cases.Listing by introduction is not a way to avoid cybersecurity scrutiny, but is a faster way for a company to get listed if it is not as focused on raising funds, said Bruce Pang, head of macro and strategy research at China Renaissance.Delisting risk is a real and emerging one. Every Chinese [American Depositary Receipt] should evaluate, hedge and manage it, Pang said, referring to U.S.-listed shares of Chinese companies. ADRs are stocks of foreign companies trading on a U.S. exchange.Didi said in early December it planned to delist from New York and pursue a Hong Kong listing, but did not specify a date.Implications for other U.S.-listed Chinese companiesWe started down a path of converting our shares out of the U.S. ADRs into Hong Kong, Brendan Ahern, U.S.-based chief investment officer of KraneShares, said in a phone interview in early February.He expects the firm will accelerate the conversions this year as Chinese companies increasingly find it difficult to meet U.S. audit requirements, in addition to following Chinese law. The path unfortunately seems pretty set, Ahern said.Last summer, and , two other U.S.-listed Chinese electric car companies, completed Hong Kong dual primary listings. That allows qualified mainland China investors to trade the shares through a program that connects the mainland and Hong Kong markets.As of Fridays close, Nios U.S.-listed shares had a market value of $33.31 billion. The stock has gained 234.5% from the September 2018 initial public offering price of $6.26 a share.The stock plunged to a low of $1.19 in late 2019, before a by more than 1,100% that year. But shares fell by 35% in 2021 and are down by more than 30% so far this year. 
20220227_144857_ind_C000345_A000017	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/business/supreme-court-to-hear-cyrus-mistry-plea-to-expunge-remarks-against-him-in-its-2021-verdict-in-case-vs-tata-sons-2793937	IND	Cyrus Mistry was removed as the chairman of Tata Sons in October 2016.New Delhi: Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear Cyrus Mistrys plea seeking to expunge remarks against him in its 2021 verdict, which was in favour of Tata Group. Mr Mistrys plea mentioned that the top courts remarks in the judgment raised questions about his reputation and character.The court said that it will hear the matter in 10 days. Tata Sons has opposed the plea.Mr Mistry was represented by senior advocates Janak Dwarkadas and Shyam Diwan. Tata Sons was represented by senior advocates Harish Salve, Abhishek Manu Singhvi and a team of lawyers from Karanjawala & Co.Senior advocate Janak Dwarkadas appeared for Mr Mistry and said, This is an application to expunge certain remarks which affects my reputation, integrity and character.But senior advocate Harish Salve who was appearing for Tata Sons said, We have serious objections to the maintainability (of this application).The Chief Jusice of India NV Ramana then adjourned the matter saying that he would hear the parties after 10 days.Tata Sons Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata had said the 2021 order validated the values and ethics that always guided the Tata group.Mr Mistry had succeeded Ratan Tata as the Chairman of Tata Sons in 2012 but was ousted four years later.The Shapoorji Pallonji Group had told the court that Mr Mistrys removal as the chairman of Tata Sons at a board meeting held in October 2016 was akin to a blood sport and ambush, in complete violation of the principles of corporate governance and in pervasive violation of the Articles of Association in the process.The Tata Group had vehemently opposed the allegations and denied any wrongdoing, saying the board was well within its right to remove Mr Mistry as the chairman.In a separate development, the top court has agreed to hear in open court a review plea filed by Cyrus Investments Ltd against its order setting aside appellate tribunal NCLATs order which had restored Mr Mistry as the Executive Chairman of the Tata Group. The matter will be heard on March 9.The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal had in December 2019 restored him as the Executive Chairman of Tata Sons. That order, challenged by the Tatas, was scrapped by the Supreme Court in March last year. 
20220227_144857_irl_C000366_A000007	www.dublinlive.ie	https://www.dublinlive.ie/news/dublin-news/dublin-news-live-major-road-23234859	IRL	Gardai are currently at the scene of a major incident after a truck overturned on the N4. Emergency services were alerted to the scene early this morning on the N4 Westbound at J04 Dodsboro. The N4 is closed in both directions between J05 to J04 to aid in recovery operations. Meanwhile, the following Dublin Airport flight has been delayed: 09:10 Ryanair FR1909 arriving from Gdansk has been delayed to 09:25 Firefighters in Dublin are warning people after they were called to an incident involving an aerosol can during the weekend. A spokesperson said: On investigation crews discovered an aerosol can that had ruptured after exposure to heat. Aerosols should always be kept at a safe distance from heat sources. We will bring you all the latest updates on our live blog below. To get the latest breaking news straight to your inbox, Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles 13:49Aakanksha SurveAll lanes have reopened on the N413:07Aakanksha SurveN4 Westbound still closed at J4-J512:10Aakanksha SurveVideos show early morning chaos after truck full of hay overturns on N4Motorists this morning were in for a nasty surprise after a truck full of hay overturned on a busy Dublin road.Traffic was brought to a standstill on the N4 near J04 Dodsboro as all lanes were blocked by the overturned vehicle shortly before 6.20am.11:06Aakanksha SurveAll lanes reopened on the N4 inbound from J5 Leixlip but outbound lanes remain closed10:24Aakanksha SurveIncident near Pilo Hotel in Ashbourne cleared09:53Aakanksha SurveClean up has started on the N4 at J4 Dodsboro while all lane remain closed from J2 Liffey Valley09:28Aakanksha SurveTwo people injured after truck overturned on N4 this morning 09:24Aakanksha SurveVideo shows bales of hay strewn across N4 as recovery operation under way (Credit: Asfi Tygerski)09:08Aakanksha SurveIrish Rail services experiencing delays of up to 25 minutes 09:00Aakanksha Surve07:25 Connolly/Maynooth service is running nearly 40 minutes late due to earlier operation issues 08:45Aakanksha SurveThe N4 Eastbound J5 and J4 has reopened 08:44Aakanksha SurveBus Eireann warns of delays on Route 115, and Expressway Route 22 and 23 due to N4 closures 08:31Aakanksha SurveN4 closed in both directions as gardai are at the scene of the collision 08:10Aakanksha SurveKnock on delays as 07:25 Conolly/Maynooth Irish Rail service stopped at Drumcondra due to operational issue08:09Aakanksha SurveHeavy tailbacks reported as far as J7 Maynooth on the N407:32Aakanksha SurveGardai are currently at the scene of the crash on the N4A spokeswoman said: Gardai are currently at the scene of a traffic incident on the N4/M4 Westbound between Junction 4a and Junction 5. The incident occurred at approximately 6.20am this morning, Monday 28th February 2022.A truck overturned and is blocking all lanes. No injuries were reported.Traffic is currently at a standstill. Motorists are being diverted through Lucan village. Expect delays.07:17Aakanksha SurveN4 westbound closed between J04 and J05 after truck overturns in early-morning incident 07:08Aakanksha SurveLong queues at the N4 with motorists asked to take an alternative route 
20220227_144857_irl_C000366_A000027	www.football365.com	https://www.football365.com/news/redknapp-hits-outs-tuchel-over-nonsense-chelsea-decision-kepa-liverpool	IRL	Jamie Redknapp has accused Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel of being “too clever for your own good” after the Blues lost 11-10 to Liverpool on penalties in the Carabao Cup final. Spain stopper Kepa Arrizabalaga came off the bench for Chelsea in the closing stages of extra time specifically for the shoot-out, but would not have expected to step up to strike from the spot himself. A stunning set of penalties left both keepers having to shoot at goal, however, and . Liverpool goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher had drilled a fine penalty into the net to heap the pressure on Kepa, and he came up just short at the very last. And Redknapp has criticised Chelsea boss Tuchel for his “nonsense” decision to take Edouard Mendy – who had a brilliant game – off for Kepa. “I think its a case of being too clever for your own good. Tuchel made the decision to bring him in for penalties, because he thinks he is better at saving penalties,” Redknapp said on Sky Sports. “I think he’s complicating it. Mendy is a bigger goalkeeper. How can you say they wouldn’t win it with Mendy in goal? “I think it’s nonsense and it proved nonsense again today. He didn’t get near a penalty. Not even close. “We all agree anyone can miss a penalty but it just doesn’t make sense to me. He’s not a good enough goalkeeper to put all your eggs in that basket. “I hope it puts to bed the idea of bringing on goalkeepers on for shoot-outs. Mendy’s one of the world’s best goalkeepers, and then you bring on Kepa instead, ridiculous. “I didn’t like his behaviour when the penalties were being taken, and then he took one of the worst penalties you’ll ever see. I don’t understand why you’d do it.” Speaking about his decision, Tuchel said after the match: “Do you think we do this and don’t talk to the players? The players know the plan and we have done it before. “If you want to blame somebody, blame me; this is not a problem. “I take the decisions and I don’t take them to try to be the hero. Today it took 11 penalties to find the winner. And if you want to blame anyone blame me, there’s no problem.” 
20220227_144857_irl_C000366_A000029	www.the42.ie	https://www.the42.ie/shane-lowry-15-5696230-Feb2022/	IRL	The42 Membership Membership Benefits SEE SPORT DIFFERENTLY – Get closer to the stories that matter with exclusive analysis, insight and debate in The42 Membership. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000371_A000014	www.thenews.com.pk	https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/937451-us-slams-putin-nuclear-order-says-russian-forces-have-problems	PAK	US officials say Putin’s stunning announcement is dangerously escalatory and part of a pattern of fabricating excuses to justify aggression. -The News/FileWASHINGTON: The United States condemned Russian President Vladimir Putin’s nuclear forces alert Sunday, and said his conventional ground forces were experiencing logistical problems in their invasion of Ukraine.US officials said Putin’s stunning announcement, four days after his powerful military launched an assault on Ukraine, was dangerously escalatory and part of a pattern of fabricating excuses to justify aggression. Putin said he took the action in response to aggressive and unfriendly actions by NATO and Western countries, as the Ukraine crisis deepened.This is a pattern that we’ve seen from President Putin through the course of this conflict, which is manufacturing threats that don’t exist in order to justify further aggression, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said on ABC.A senior US defence official, speaking on grounds of anonymity, said Putin’s step came as Ukraine’s forces, helped by arms from the West, continued to stymie the advance of Russian troops, who this official said had run into fuel supply and other logistical problems.We believe that this is not only an unnecessary step for him to take, but an escalatory one, the official said of Putin’s nuclear announcement.Unnecessary because Russia has never been under threat by the West, by NATO and certainly wasn’t under any threat by Ukraine, the official said.And escalatory because it is clearly potentially putting in play forces that, if there’s a miscalculation, could make things much, much more dangerous.The US defence official declined to say whether US nuclear forces, the world’s second-largest, had been placed on higher alert.I would just tell you that we remain confident in our ability to defend ourselves and our allies and our partners. And that includes in the strategic deterrence realm.Russian progress slowedThe US official said Russia has now deployed into Ukraine about two-thirds of the 150,000-strong combat force it had positioned on the country’s borders.But, according to information the Pentagon has, the Russian force has not attained the goals it had set for itself ahead of crossing Ukraine’s frontier.The apparent Russian plan to quickly seize the two largest cities, Kyiv and Kharkiv, has faltered because of creative resistance from Ukrainian troops and the Russians’ own fuel and logistical support issues, the Pentagon believes.This is most particularly acute in their advance on Kharkiv, the official said.And aside from some apparent exploratory units entering Kyiv, where they engaged in firefights, the main Russian force remains halted around 30 kilometers (18 miles) north of the capital.They have not achieved what we believe they intended to achieve by day four. So in many cases, they’re behind schedule, the defence official said.We don’t know if its a failure in planning. We don’t know if it’s a failure in execution, the official said.Nevertheless, the official said the Russian military will adapt and still has one-third of its invasion force on the border waiting.That’s a lot of combat power, the official said.The official said Russian forces appear to be positioning to launch a siege on cities it has not quickly captured, specifically Chernihiv northeast of Kyiv, putting large populations of civilians at risk.For a siege to be successful, the official said, You basically by design are going to be targeting civilian infrastructure and causing civilian harm.That’s worrying and that’s concerning, the official said, labelling it the beginnings of a bad sort of tactical approach by the Russians. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000371_A000016	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/business/rupee-falls-in-line-with-domestic-equities-tracking-higher-oil-prices-2793934	PAK	The rupee fell over 0.5%, tracking higher crude oil prices and risk-off sentimentThe rupee fell over 0.5% against the US dollar early on Monday, tracking higher crude oil prices and risk-off sentiment driven by the dramatic escalation in tensions in Europe.That suggests the energy-sensitive rupee wiped out its gains from Friday, driven by increased safe-haven bets as the Russian President ordered his nuclear forces to be on high alert and Western nations responded with fresh sanctions.Western sanctions on Russia were substantially enhanced over the weekend, leading to a risk-aversion sell-off in markets at the Asian open, noted Jeffrey Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, a leader in currency data..Crude remains supported by supply concerns as western sanctions are likely to impact Russian trade even though no direct restrictions are put on energy exports yet, said Ravindra Rao, Head Commodity Research at Kotak Securities.Tracking the surge in oil prices, the rupee tumbled over 0.5% to 75.73 per dollar in early trade on Monday from the close of 75.33 in the previous session. On Friday, the Indian currency had jumped nearly 0.5% after it suffered its worst session in more than 10 months the previous day.. Enhanced Western sanctions on Russia in response to Mr Putins most significant assault on a European state since World War Two for the fourth straight day has led to risk-aversion and caution.That increase in flight to safety bids boosted the US dollar and the yen.Domestic bourses, too, started the week in the red, with the BSE Sensex Index tanking over 1,000 points.The capital outflow has also not helped, with Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) being net sellers in the Indian capital market on Friday. FIIs offloaded shares worth Rs 4,470.70 crore, as per data from the stock exchange. 
20220227_144857_pak_C000371_A000023	www.ndtv.com	https://www.ndtv.com/entertainment/shes-your-problem-now-rhea-chakrabortys-note-to-friend-shibani-dandekars-husband-farhan-akhtar-2794306	PAK	Rhea with Farhan and Shibani. (courtesy: )HighlightsShibani and Farhan got married a few days ago Rhea was a part of all the festivities Rhea shared pictures from Shibani-Farhans wedding albumNew Delhi: We can see what meant when she wrote Fairytales do come true in her latest Instagram entry. The actress shared a bunch of happy pictures from her bestie Shibani Dandekar and Farhan Akhtars wedding festivities. Rhea wrote: Mr and Mrs Akhtar. Love is contagious, thankyou for spreading so much love on your special day. Shibani Dandekar you make the most beautiful bride in the world, I love you to the moon and back. Rhea teased Farhan with her cheeky caption and wrote: Farhan Akhtar, shes your problem now, all the best, lots of love. She added the hashtag #fairytalesdocometrue.Check out the post here:Last week, dropped the first set of pictures from the dreamy ceremony and she wrote: Mr and Mrs.Sharing the wedding album, Farhan wrote: A few days ago, and I celebrated our union and we are deeply grateful to all those who did respect our need for privacy on the day. The celebration however, is incomplete without sharing some precious moments with you and seeking your blessings as we begin our journey across the skies of time, together. With love from us to you. was attended by family members and close friends including Hrithik Roshan, Rhea Chakraborty, Gaurav Kapur, Samir Kochhar, Monica Dogra, Shankar Mahadevan, and Ehsaan Noorani among others.Farhan Akhtar and Shibani Dandekar, who began dating in 2018, got married in an intimate ceremony, in the presence of family and friends in Khandala a few days ago. Later, the couple got their marriage registered and later in the evening, they celebrated with close friends and family members. 
20220227_144857_ken_C000372_A000011	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/world/2022-02-28-facebook-owner-meta-says-ukraines-military-politicians-targeted-in-hacking-campaign/	KEN	Meta Platforms said a hacking group used Facebook to target a handful of public figures in Ukraine, including prominent military officials, politicians and a journalist, amid Russias ongoing invasion of the country.Meta said in the last 48 hours it had also separately removed a network of about 40 fake accounts, groups and pages across Facebook and Instagram that operated from Russia and Ukraine targeting people in Ukraine, for violating its rules against coordinated inauthentic behavior.A Twitter spokesperson said it had also suspended more than a dozen accounts and blocked the sharing of several links for violating its rules against platform manipulation and spam. It said its ongoing investigation indicated the accounts originated in Russia and were attempting to disrupt the public conversation around the conflict in Ukraine.In a blog post on Monday, Meta attributed the hacking efforts to a group known as Ghostwriter, which it said successfully gained access to the targets social media accounts. Meta said the hackers attempted to post YouTube videos from the accounts portraying Ukrainian troops as weakened, including one video which claimed to show Ukrainian soldiers coming out of a forest and flying a white flag of surrender.Ukrainian cybersecurity officials said on Friday that hackers from neighboring Belarus were targeting the private email addresses of Ukrainian military personnel and related individuals, blaming a group code-named UNC1151. The U.S. cybersecurity firm FireEye has previously connected the group with Ghostwriter activities. Metas security team said it had taken steps to secure targeted accounts and had blocked the phishing domains used by the hackers. It declined to give the names of any of the targets but said it had alerted users where possible.Meta said the separate influence campaign, which used a number of fictitious personas, claimed to be based in Kyiv and ran a small number of websites masquerading as independent news outlets. These outlets published claims about the West betraying Ukraine and Ukraine being a failed state.The company said it had found links between this influence network and an operation it removed in April 2020, which it had connected to individuals in Russia, the Donbass region in Ukraine and two media outlets based in Crimea - NewsFront and SouthFront, which are now sanctioned by the U.S. government. Neither NewsFront or SouthFront immediately responded to requests for comment.Meta declined to give a number of impressions or views for the influence campaigns content but said it had seen a very low level of shares, posts or reactions. It said the campaign had fewer than 4,000 Facebook accounts following one of more of its pages and fewer than 500 accounts following one or more of its Instagram accounts. It did not say how long the campaigns had been active on its platforms.It said the campaign had also used Alphabet Incs YouTube, Telegram and Russian social media sites Odnoklassniki and VK. YouTube, Telegram and VK , which also owns Odnoklassniki, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The crisis in Ukraine has seen escalating clashes between Moscow and major tech companies. On Friday, Russia said it would partially restrict access to Facebook, a move Meta said came after it refused a government request to stop the independent fact-checking of several Russian state media outlets. On Saturday, Twitter also said its service was being restricted for some Russian users. Ukraines health ministry said on Sunday that more than 300 children, had been killed since the beginning of the invasion.Russia calls its actions in Ukraine a special operation.Ukraine has been buffeted by digital intrusions and denial-of-service actions both in the run-up to and during the Russian invasion. Several big tech companies have announced measures to bolster the security and privacy of their users in the country.Meta, which has in recent days made changes like removing the ability to view and search the friends lists of Facebook accounts in Ukraine, said on Monday it was also making this change in Russia in response to public reports of civil society and protesters being targeted. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000374_A000002	www.sowetanlive.co.za	https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/news/south-africa/2022-02-28-it-specialist-accused-of-defrauding-absa-of-r103m-gunned-down-at-home/	ZAF	“Masebeni sustained several gunshot wounds in the upper body and was rushed to the nearest clinic where he succumbed to his injuries.“It is believed the two armed suspects fled the scene in a silver-grey VW Polo,” Nkohli said.The police are urging anyone with information that could lead to the arrest of the suspects to contact the nearest local police station or call 08600 10111.Masebeni and his wife Athembile Mpani faced charges of theft, fraud and contravening the Prevention of Organised Crime Act.One of the accounts into which Masebeni transferred the stolen money was his own account, one was his wife’s, one a business account, and the other three belonged to people whom the state believes have ties to the couple.Besides buying seven cars with cash, the two also allegedly bought two properties in Khayelitsha on the same day. The state accuses them of spending more than R250,000 during a shopping spree in Sandton on one day.They were both granted bail of R50,000 early this month.Their case was postponed to March.TimesLIVE 
20220227_144857_mys_C000377_A000027	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-10558401/Thomas-Tuchel-defends-Kepa-Arrizabalaga-penalty-shoot-defeat-Liverpool.html	MYS	has insisted Kepa Arrizabalaga cannot shoulder any burden for s 11-10 penalty shoot-out Carabao Cup final loss to . stopper Kepa came off the bench in the closing stages of extra time specifically for the shoot-out, but would not have expected to step up to strike from the spot himself.A stunning set of penalties left both keepers having to shoot at goal, however, and Kepa proved a luckless fall guy when blazing high over the bar. Thomas Tuchel has defended Kepa for missing his penalty against Liverpool on Sunday Kepa skied his penalty over the bar to see Liverpool win 11-10 in the shootout at Wembley Liverpool goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher had drilled a fine penalty into the net to heap the pressure on Kepa, and he came up just short at the very last. Do you think we do this and dont talk to the players? The players know the plan and we have done it before, said Tuchel.If you want to blame somebody, blame me; this is not a problem.I take the decisions and I dont take them to try to be the hero. Today it took 11 penalties to find the winner. And if you want to blame anyone blame me, theres no problem. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel said he had no regrets over his late substitution at Wembley The Chelsea boss made the decision to substitute Edouard Mendy for Kepa before penalties Chelsea had subbed Kepa on for Edouard Mendy for the penalty shoot-out in the European Super Cup final against Villarreal in August.And the switch paid off in Belfast as the Blues prevailed 6-5 at Windsor Park.But the plan did not bear fruit at Wembley, as Jurgen Klopp secured his first domestic cup as Liverpool manager.Chelsea boss Tuchel was at pains to stress that Kepa must not receive any criticism, amid a shoot-out where every other penalty proved close to flawless.He said: It is so bad for him of course, but no blame of course.We took the decision like we did last time in a penalty shoot-out, because Kepa is training with the players on a daily basis. Mendy had been outstanding in goal for Chelsea during the game but Tuchel still took him off As a result of Kepas miss, Jurgen Klopp secured his first domestic cup as Liverpool managerThey know how good he is and he simply has more time to do this than Edou (Mendy) on the training ground.This plays a huge part in how good we shot today. Unfortunately he could not save any, the pens were brilliantly taken.It was a bit harsh on him today to be the guy to miss the one and only penalty today but theres no blame.I take the decisions when I take the decisions and I only take them when I want to take them. I cannot re-judge my decisions after the outcome.We cannot know what would have happened if we had left Edou on the pitch.So of course if theres any blame, its blame on me. Im the guy to take the decisions, sometimes it works out and sometimes it does not.Romelu Lukaku and Kai Havertz both had goals ruled out during the fixture on Sunday Mason Mount (above) also missed two glorious chances for Chelsea either side of half timeThis is life as a football coach, and as a football coach who makes substitutions. So there are no regrets, I take the blame and responsibility for that of course.Chelsea were left to rue three goals ruled out for offside amid a goalless 120 minutes.Liverpool saw Joel Matips header chalked off for offside, but Kai Havertz had the ball in the back of the net twice and Romelu Lukaku also had an effort ruled out.If you look at the line thats drawn in the goal for Romelu, its a bit of a weird line to make the decision that its offside, said Tuchel.But thats it, we cannot have any regret, Im very proud of the performance of the team. Theres a lot of good things and I told the guys we should not lose sleep about this. 
20220227_144857_mys_C000377_A000035	codeblue.galencentre.org	https://codeblue.galencentre.org/2022/02/28/obesity-is-everybodys-business-zakiah-othman-prof-dr-moy-foong-ming-prof-dr-awang-bulgiba-awang-mahmud/	MYS	Obesity is a mounting public health challenge that has grown into a global epidemic. It is estimated that almost one-third of the adults worldwide will be overweight, and more than one billion will be obese by 2025. In Malaysia, based on the National Health and Morbidity Survey 2019, one of every two adults is overweight or obese. The Economic Intelligence Unit reported in 2017 that Malaysia suffers the highest overall cost for obesity among ASEAN countries, reaching an alarming 10 to 20 per cent of the country’s health care expenditure. These overall costs include treatment, loss of economic output and the loss of years of productive life due to obesity-related mortality. Evidences show that obesity is a risk factor for many non-communicable diseases and now a major risk factor for Covid-19 complications and mortality. From the preliminary results of our study of 3,221 working female adults, half of them were overweight (31.7 per cent) and obese (18.5 per cent). The five most important risk factors for being overweight and obese are inadequate fruits and vegetable intake (90.4 per cent), anxiety (51.4 per cent), physical inactivity (30.3 per cent), depression (26.6 per cent), and stress (18.3 per cent). About one-third have three or more risk factors (34.7 per cent), followed by one (32.6 per cent) and two risk factors (28.7 per cent). The total number of risk factors was significantly associated with the risk of being overweight and obese. Because of the complexities involved with the root causes of obesity, prevention and intervention efforts should no longer be simplistic, nor should they only target individual actions and centre around the “Eat less, move more” mantra. Concerted efforts should be targeted at wider societal and governmental determinants. In line with this year’s World Obesity Day theme, “Everybody Needs to Act”, it is now the time to declare the fight against obesity as everybody’s fight. Everybody has their part to play. The following recommendations involve a top-down collaboration involving the government, policymakers, employers, municipal councils, and individuals at the interpersonal and intrapersonal levels. Government And Policymakers Reaffirm the commitment in addressing obesity as a matter of urgency through the implementation of comprehensive national strategies that tackle the structural roots of obesity. The effective promotion of a healthy lifestyle should be done thoroughly via all available media platforms. Public health policies and preventive intervention programmes, especially on modifiable health-related behaviours should be made multidomain, and should not only target any particular aspect, but also incorporate overall socio-behavioural aspects. Preventive approaches should also be made population-based and multilevel, focus on environmental and policy changes, and require participation from actors from multiple sectors. Provisions must be made to ensure all interventions, including health care services and supportive environments and communities are easily accessible by the population. Employers And Municipal Councils Employers are encouraged to provide a healthy working environment for employees to reduce the risk and impacts of obesity. Municipal councils should improve the availability and accessibility of parks, green spaces, and walking, jogging and cycling tracks that encourage healthier lifestyle practices among residents. Interpersonal Social support from family members, colleagues and neighbours in the form of encouraging each other to practice healthy lifestyles is very crucial. They should avoid stigmatising living with obesity. The weight stigma and bias can lead to the avoidance of seeking medical care, which creates barriers to obesity prevention and treatment. Improving awareness about obesity amongst the public and challenging the assumption that obesity is purely an issue of personal responsibility is paramount to successfully reducing the stigma. Intrapersonal At the individual level, practising a healthier lifestyle is the most effective way to combat being overweight and obesity. Remember HELPS Halt smoking and alcohol consumption with expert guidance and assistance. Most public health clinics provide quit-smoking programmes. You can also register via the Ministry of Health’s . Eat healthy foods as frequently as you can. Make sure your diet consists of a variety of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, lean poultry and fish, nuts and legumes, and vegetable oils. There are several mobile diet apps that are available to help you keep track of your daily diet. Love your mind as you love your soul. Practising mindfulness, deep breathing, as well as relaxation exercises and therapies can provide a peaceful environment, thus preventing unhealthy behaviours that can lead to weight gain. Feel free to seek help and treatment if you need so. Physical exercise should be practised, with at least 150 to 300 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic activity throughout the week. Examples include brisk walking, cycling at moderate speeds, swimming, gardening or walking. Finding an activity that you enjoy most will motivate you to continue adhering to it. Social connectivity may provide more sustainable lifestyle changes. Improve your connections in the community to build a supportive society and conducive environment to keep you motivated to make healthier choices. The only way we can make real progress in obesity prevention is by realising that this is an issue that affects everybody. Together, we can give everybody the best chance to live happier, healthier and longer lives. Zakiah Othman is a final-year DrPH candidate, and Prof Dr Moy Foong Ming and Prof Dr Awang Bulgiba Awang Mahmud are from the Centre for Epidemiology and Evidence-Based Practice, Department of Social and Preventive Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Malaya. This is the personal opinion of the writer or publication and does not necessarily represent the views of CodeBlue. 
20220227_144857_uga_C000383_A000028	www.football.london	https://www.football.london/arsenal-fc/news/manchester-united-arsenal-top-four-23234420	UGA	Bruno Fernandes has spoken about Manchester Uniteds top-four chances following their 0-0 draw with Watford in Saturdays Premier League clash. The result leaves s side just two points ahead of Arsenal, who have played three fewer league matches than their rivals. The recorded a crucial last-gasp 2-1 win against Wolves at the Emirates Stadium on Thursday night, two weeks after winning 1-0 at Molineux thanks to a Gabriel Magalhaes strike. Now, has admitted his frustrations with the draw at Old Trafford, with United registering 68% possession as well as 22 shots across 90 minutes as they failed to find a way past Ben Foster. Read More Related Articles Read More Related Articles As I said many times, we dropped points for the third [position], that’s the main point for us, we could be one step closer to them, he told MUTV via our sister title . But now is not the time to start thinking how many we should have or how many points we will have at the end, we need to look to the next game. Uniteds next game is against local rivals Manchester City and the Portuguese international admitted that the Red Devils are desperate to win against the current league leaders. Who are the teams you love to hate? Which teams do you have a soft spot for? Take part in our League of Love & Hate survey When discussing the derby, he added: “It’s one of the games you know what it means to the city and the fans, for the club and ourselves, it’s one of the games you want to win at all costs. Meanwhile, the Gunners will travel to Vicarage Road on Sunday afternoon to play the aforementioned Hornets, who they defeated 1-0 in the reverse fixture thanks to a goal from Hale End academy graduate Emile Smith Rowe. 
20220227_144857_zwe_C000384_A000026	www.dailymail.co.uk	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-10559335/Married-Sights-intruder-bride-Jessica-Seracino-sensationally-QUITS-show.html	ZWE	Married At First Sights intruder bride Jessica Seracino sensationally QUITS the show after blazing row with groom Daniel HolmesBy Published: 08:59 BST, 28 February 2022 | Updated: 09:03 BST, 28 February 2022 Married At First Sights quit the show during Monday nights episode, after another blow-up argument with groom . Jessica, 27, took Daniel by surprise when she announced she was leaving the experiment after she failed to form a connection with him.Just minutes after checking into an apartment together, the Melbourne-based florist sat her husband down to discuss advice given to them by the experts. Bye bye: Married At First Sights intruder bride Jessica Seracino sensationally quit the show after a blazing row with groom Daniel Holmes on Monday night. Both picturedBut when things proved they werent going to get any better, Jessica abruptly revealed she was quitting the experiment.Jessica brutally told Daniel that she felt no connection to him.From day dot I felt that extreme disconnection to you. I feel like it started before we even had issues, she said. Im not going to fake it: The 27-year-old florist took her groom by surprise when she announced she was leaving Disconnected: From day dot I felt that extreme disconnection to you. I feel like it started before we even had issues, she told himThis is the perfect time to tell you that Im leaving, she then snapped.It clearly isnt working, and Im not going to fake it and its never gonna work.A surprised Daniel replied: Im so shocked that after last night, this was the conversation were having. Its over! This is the perfect time to tell you that Im leaving, she snappedDaniel told Jessica that he feels like she was just running away from her problems.I mean if you stay on board, Im going to keep you accountable. And youre gonna have to keep facing your actions and you dont want to do that, he told her.An annoyed Jess replied: Ive been accountable for everything that Ive done. And the things I screwed up on. Later! I dont want to be with you. Im not going to fake it, she saidWhen asked why she wasnt then willing to stay and try and make their relationship work, she bluntly replied: I dont want to be with you. Im not going to fake it.She then got up and sensationally stormed out of their apartment with her belongings.Jessica and Daniels relationship has been rocky since the beginning, with the newlyweds clashing just minutes into their honeymoon.Married At First Sight continues Tuesday at 7.30pm on Channel Nine Happier times: Jessica and Daniels relationship has been rocky since the beginning Share or comment on this article: 
20220227_144857_zwe_C000384_A000032	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/axiom-space-nasa-ax-1-iss-mission-preflight-webcast	ZWE	NASA, SpaceX and Houston company will discuss a landmark private space mission today (Feb. 28), and you can watch it live.Axiom Space plans to launch , the first all-private crewed mission to the International Space Station, on March 30. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will launch a Crew Dragon capsule carrying four people, including three paying customers, on a 10-day orbital jaunt.Representatives of NASA, Axiom and SpaceX will preview the flight during a livestreamed press conference today at 11 a.m. EST (1600 GTM); you can watch it live here on Space.com or .Photos: Axiom Spaces first private crewed mission to the International Space Station is scheduled to launch on March 30, 2022. From left to right: pilot Larry Connor, mission commander and retired NASA astronaut Michael López-Alegría, mission specialist Mark Pathy and mission specialist Eytan Stibbe. (Image credit: Axiom Space)Participating in the press conference will be:Kathy Lueders, associate administrator, Space Operations, NASARobyn Gatens, director, International Space Station, NASAPhil McAllister, director, Commercial Spaceflight, NASAMichael Suffredini, president and CEO, AxiomMichael López-Alegría, Ax-1 crew commander, AxiomChristian Maender, director, In-Space Research and Manufacturing, AxiomBenjamin Reed, senior director, Human Spaceflight Programs, SpaceXAxiom-1 represents another significant milestone in our efforts to create a low Earth orbit economy, McAlister earlier this month. I wish these Axiom crew members safe travels, and I hope they find their time in space productive and enjoyable.Axiom-1 wont be the first time a Dragon has carried people to the space station; holds a NASA contract to fly agency astronauts to the from the orbiting lab and has already launched a handful of such missions.SpaceX also broke new spaceflight ground last September with a mission called , which sent the first all-private crew to Earth orbit. Inspiration4 carried the crew on a 3-day orbital journey but it did not meet up with the station.Mike Wall is the author of  (Grand Central Publishing, 2018; illustrated by Karl Tate), a book about the search for alien life. Follow him on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or on . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220227_144857_lva_C000386_A000020	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/28/22954417/realme-gt2-pro-announced-specs-design-cameras	LVA	Realme has announced the GT2 Pro, its latest flagship phone and the followup to . The former Oppo sub-brand describes it as “the most premium flagship ever by Realme,” and it’s difficult to disagree with that assessment. The headline feature of the GT2 Pro is how it looks and feels. Continuing the company’s with legendary Japanese designer Naoto Fukasawa, the GT2 Pro is the first phone to be made with a “bio-based polymer,” which Realme claims reduces carbon emissions by 35.5 percent during manufacturing. The “paper green” model I’ve been using has a unique matte finish that feels coarse to the touch and doesn’t pick up fingerprints. I can’t speak to Realme’s environmental claims, but this phone doesn’t feel cheap in the slightest — I think it looks great and feels better than glossy glass or plastic. The camera system has quite a lot in common with last year’s flagship Oppo Find X3 Pro. There’s a 50-megapixel main camera with the same IMX766 sensor, and the ultrawide is also 50 megapixels but presumably uses a smaller sensor because Realme calls it the “world’s first 150-degree” ultrawide. The results are quite distorted, and Realme leans into this by exaggerating the distortion even further for a dedicated fisheye mode that captures circular images. The third lens in the camera array is a 40x “micro-lens” ultra-macro camera similar to the Find X3 Pro’s, though there’s no ring light. There’s no telephoto camera of any kind. The GT2 Pro has a Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor alongside up to 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. The screen is a 1-120Hz 1440p LTPO OLED panel with a much smaller chin than on the previous GT. There’s a 5.000mAh battery that can be fast-charged up to 65W, but unfortunately there’s still no wireless charging, which is something that would hold me back from ranking this alongside other flagship phones. The Realme GT2 Pro starts at €649 (~$725) in Europe. Realme is also releasing a non-Pro version of the GT2 with a Snapdragon 888, a less extreme 119-degree ultrawide, and a more conventional macro lens, with pricing starting at €449 (~$500). 
20220227_144857_tza_C000387_A000038	health.clevelandclinic.org	https://health.clevelandclinic.org/quitting-smoking/	TZA	You might want to think twice before you light up your next cigarette. Cleveland Clinic is a non-profit academic medical center. Advertising on our site helps support our mission. We do not endorse non-Cleveland Clinic products or services. , more than 7 million people die each year from using tobacco. About 1.2 million individuals die from secondhand smoke. Smoking can cause cancer, heart disease, stroke, diabetes and . If you’ve been trying to quit or are thinking about quitting, know that it’s never too late to stop. There are plenty of ways to curb your cravings and urges, too. Pulmonologist , walks us through some ways to quit and explains how stopping smoking can improve your health. Timeline for quitting smoking There’s no set timeline when it comes to . Some people can kick their habit on the first try, while many others will struggle with quitting. On average, it can take 66 days for a . But don’t give up if you’ve tried a few different methods only to pick up a pack again. “It’s a journey and everybody is in a different place in their journey,” says Dr. Solanki. “You may quit, then return to smoking at a later date and then try to quit again.” The important thing is that you keep trying. Ways to quit smoking Here are some ways to help you resist your cravings and break the unhealthy habit. Quit cold turkey It may seem hard to quit “cold turkey,” where you stop smoking suddenly. But Dr. Solanki says show that whether you taper your cigarettes or quit cold turkey, the results are the same. “For some people, cold turkey is the only way to go,” says Dr. Solanki. “But for others, this method is just too difficult. It’s hard to break the ritual of smoking.” She recommends setting a “quit date,” then seeing if you can stop smoking immediately when that day arrives. If not, don’t worry — there are other methods that can help. Use nicotine replacement therapy Try over-the-counter methods like nicotine patches, lozenges or gum. You can also talk to your doctor about prescription nicotine that comes in a nasal spray or inhaler. There is non-nicotine medication you can take, as well, like bupropion and varenicline. “Oftentimes, people will start with a nicotine replacement therapy,” says Dr. Solanki. “For example, nicotine patches replace the nicotine from cigarettes and help treat the urge. Over time, we slowly taper down the amount of nicotine in the patches that you get.” Change your daily habits Not only do you have to think about your nicotine habit, but you also have to change your rituals that play into reaching for that smoke. If you have a cigarette with your morning coffee or on your afternoon work break, rethink what you do during those times. Can you replace that ritual of smoking with something else? Maybe it’s eating a biscotti in the morning or replacing your cigarette in the afternoon with tea or a popsicle. Even hard candies, carrot sticks or a lollipop can help with the oral fixation you may have. “You’re still going through the motion of putting something in your mouth but without the harmful risks of smoking,” notes Dr. Solanki. Get moving When you , your body releases endorphins and your blood starts flowing. “It helps you feel better,” says Dr. Solanki. “It’s another great thing to do to distract yourself when you have an urge to smoke. Exercising is an incredibly good antidote to smoking.” But don’t think you need to log in a sweat session at the gym — even just a walk around the block can help curb cravings. Try to relax You can turn to and methods like yoga, deep breathing or mediation. “A lot of people smoke to help calm anxiety and deal with stress,” says Dr. Solanki. “If you try one of these relaxation techniques it can boost your parasympathetic response. That helps diminish your anxiety, increases your level of focus and your ability to stay calm.” Get rid of reminders When you’re attempting to quit, consider throwing away your ashtrays, lighters and other items that you use to smoke. “By getting rid of those items, it makes it harder to pick up a cigarette,” says Dr. Solanki. It can also be helpful to clean your house and car to get rid of the smoke smell. Have a support system Discussing your plans to quit with family and friends can help hold you accountable. Talk to them about how you’re feeling, what you’re struggling with and be honest about how many cigarettes you had. “It’s easy to cheat the system if you’re not reporting to anyone,” says Dr. Solanki. You can also join a local support group or call the free telephone quit line at 800-QUIT-NOW (800.784.8669) for information on support and counseling. What happens when you quit smoking? It may be tough at first to fight off those cravings. You may experience withdrawal symptoms within the first few days like moodiness, irritability and headaches as your body gets used to not having nicotine. But once you stop smoking, you’ll notice a positive change in your health. Not only will your lung function improve, but you’ll also notice a decrease in the number of times you cough and have shortness of breath. Withdrawal symptoms might include: Increased appetite.Weight gain.Depression.Insomnia.Irritability.Frustration.Anxiety.Restlessness.Difficulty concentrating. “You may have these withdrawal symptoms for a couple of days or a couple of weeks,” says Dr. Solanki. “It’s different for different people.” Once you stop smoking, your health will improve, including: A decrease in your blood pressure and pulse rate.An increase in the temperature of your hands and feet.Your carbon monoxide level in your blood returns to normal.An increase in your oxygen levels in your blood.A decrease in your risk of a heart attack, heart disease, stroke and cancer.Your ability to taste and smell returns.Improved circulation.A decrease in coughing, sinus congestion and shortness of breath.An increase in your energy level.Improved ability to breath. “Everybody’s lungs get worse with age, but the rate of decline is much faster in people that smoke,” explains Dr. Solanki. “People who smoke actually have a lot of power to improve their health by stopping their habit.” How to stay motivated when trying to quit It can take you a few tries before you find success. But don’t give up. “It’s OK if you have to start over again,” says Dr. Solanki. “A lot of people feel guilty about it. Relapsing doesn’t make you a failure.” So, don’t be too hard on yourself. Re-evaluate your plan and start again. And keep in mind your reason for quitting — whether you’re doing it for your family or to improve your health. “You’re the only person who can make yourself quit,” says Dr. Solanki. “You have control over what you put in your body.” Remember the facts: Smoking can kill you. And think about how much better you’ll feel once smoking is out of your life. “It’s a commitment that you need to make to yourself and your future self,” says Dr. Solanki. “You have to be ready to quit.” 
20220227_144857_isr_C000396_A000004	www.reuters.com	https://www.reuters.com/markets/asia/kremlin-says-russias-economic-reality-has-changed-stands-by-cbank-2022-02-28/	ISR	People walk past the Central Bank headquarters in Moscow, Russia February 11, 2019. REUTERS/Maxim ShemetovRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comMOSCOW, Feb 28 (Reuters) - The Kremlin on Monday said Russias economic reality had changed but saw no reason to doubt the effectiveness and reliability of the central bank, which hiked interest rates to 20% as it sought to shield the economy from unprecedented Western sanctions.The bank has also introduced some capital controls as the West seeks to restrict its ability to deploy $640 billion of forex and gold reserves and cut Russias major banks out of the SWIFT financial network, making it hard for lenders and companies to make and receive payments. Those moves have sent the rouble tumbling to record lows. The economic reality has considerably changed, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters. These are heavy sanctions, they are problematic, but Russia has the potential to offset the harm.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comRussia has been making plans for quite a long time for possible sanctions, including the most severe ones. There are response plans, they were developed and are being implemented as problems appear.Peskov said sanctions introduced against President Vladimir Putin himself were pointless.(Putin) is quite indifferent. The sanctions contain absurd claims about some assets, Peskov said. The president has no assets other than those he has declared.The West is seeking to punish Russia for its invasion of Ukraine. Russia calls it a special military operation aimed at protecting civilians.Putin will work on economic issues today, Peskov said, meeting with officials including Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina, Finance Minister Anton Siluanov, and German Gref, CEO of dominant lender Sberbank .Asked about the central banks handling of the crisis, Peskov said: We have had no reason to doubt the effectiveness and reliability of our central bank. There is no reason to doubt it now.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.comReporting by Reuters in MoscowOur Standards: 
20220227_144857_isr_C000396_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/tonga-volcano-eruption-yields-asteroid-impact-insights	ISR	On Jan. 15, 2022, the Hunga Tonga-Hunga Haapai volcano erupted off the coast of Tonga in the South Pacific Ocean, generating a tsunami and triggering resulting wave action alerts around the world. The underwater volcanic eruption spewed ash, steam, and gas a radius of over 160 miles (260 kilometers) and more than 12 miles (19 km) into . An infrasound network operated by the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO) found the blast to be the largest incident ever recorded by that monitoring system. All 53 infrasound stations recorded the main eruption, at global ranges. The discharge was much larger than the airburst in 2013.Related: Comparative infrasound measurements between Chelyabinsk meteor airburst and Tonga eruption. (Image credit: CTBTO)The Tongan government described the eruption an unprecedented disaster, with the island nation suffering loss of life, major damage to homes and loss of infrastructure.We now know quite a bit about the undersea upsurge. And there appear to be takeaway messages for those concerned about an impacting space rock and the creation of similar effects. Space.com reached out to noted experts in the asteroid impact field to gauge similarities between an undersea belch and Earth taking an punch in the oceans.Indeed, data amassed from the Tonga occasion is keeping the scientific community busy. An infrasound station operated by the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO). All 53 infrasound stations recorded the main eruption, at global ranges. (Image credit: CTBTO)Effects and after-effectsLindley Johnson is NASAs Planetary Defense Officer in Washington. We should examine all natural disasters — but both volcanoes and earthquakes in particular — for lessons to be learned about the effects and after-effects of a significant asteroid impact.Johnson pointed out that there have been suggestions that the Tonga eruption released about the same amount of energy as is estimated for the June 30, 1908 event in Siberia, Russia. I dont know how valid that assessment is, but it is certainly worth looking at as an analogy.A dangerous asteroid is likely to hit [an] ocean, not land, because over 70% of Earths surface is ocean. But a disproportionately large fraction of people live near coasts, so tsunamis are a threat, Clark Chapman, a senior scientist (retired) from the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, told Space.com.We need to learn more about asteroid impact , because they probably behave very differently from those caused by earthquakes or landslides, Chapman said.Risk assessments and simulationsLorien Wheeler and colleague Michael Aftosmis work on NASAs Asteroid Threat Assessment Project at the in Californias Silicon Valley. Their research is done under NASAs Planetary Defense Coordination Office.Wheeler is the risk assessment lead for the project, focused on building fast-running probabilistic models that look at the amount of risk that different asteroid hazards can pose. Aftosmis is an aerospace engineer in the Advanced Supercomputing Division developing high-fidelity simulations of asteroid strikes, including blast wave propagation, tsunami, thermal and global effects.The analogy between a volcano and an asteroid hit is not obvious Aftosmis said, as one comes from the ground up the other comes from the outside in. An undersea volcano and an asteroid impact, they have a lot of similarities when it comes to the kind of tsunami that might be triggered, he said.Coupling of energyJapans Himawari 8 satellite imagery captured the Jan. 15, 2022 volcanic eruption in the southwest Pacific. (Image credit: Japan Meteorological Agency)When you look at the aggregate level of risk from potential asteroid impacts, considering all the different frequencies of sizes that are most likely to hit us, Wheeler said, our current models indicate the risk of large tsunamis from asteroid impact is relatively low, compared to other potential impact hazards like local blast, global effects.However, given a big enough asteroid that strikes close enough to a coastline, it could cause a sizable tsunami, Wheeler said. Its important to develop good tsunami models to be able to predict those consequences as well as we can.The Tonga incident may give some insights on the coupling of energy to the atmosphere and water, such as how fast ocean waves dissipate, to better refine simulation models, Wheeler said. Airblast coupling, the tsunami from the eruption itself and also seismic effects data from the Tonga episode are being studied. While asteroid-generated tsunamis are a relatively small threat contrasted to other effects, this particular case does have some interesting similarities and raises physics questions worthy of pursuit, Aftosmis said.Furthermore, over several years, there have been a series of tabletop exercises hosted jointly by NASA and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), held specifically to respond to and better prepare for an asteroid-meets-Earth scenario, if and when emergency action is required.The upshot from assessing the Tonga event does yield valuable information that could be fed into future tabletop exercises, to better hone ways to estimate the level of risk and better inform response decisions, Wheeler said.Existence proofAsteroid impact fireball produced from supercomputer simulation run by a Sandia National Laboratories team led by Mark Boslough. (Image credit: Sandia National Laboratories/Randy Montoya)Noted asteroid expert Mark Boslough is an adjunct professor in the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences at the University of New Mexico. He participated in documentary field expeditions to airburst sites including the Libyan Desert of Egypt in 2006, Tunguska in 2008, and Chelyabinsk, Russia in 2013 to assess the impressive Feb. 15, 2013 event when a destructive meteor burst occurred in the atmosphere.Several years ago, Boslough suggested the potential for asteroid airburst-generated meteotsunami — large waves driven by air-pressure disturbances.As for the Hunga Tonga-Hunga Haapai volcano eruption, yes, this is a great test of the idea, and I understand that meteotsunami were detected in Puerto Rico and Menorca, Boslough said.It appears to Boslough that these have to be from air-coupled tsunamis as opposed to direct generation at the source of the explosion because they are in different ocean basins. If this turns out to be the case, then we now have an existence proof that pressure waves in the atmosphere from big explosions can trigger tsunami far away from the explosion itself. If volcanoes can do this, I think asteroid airbursts can as well, Boslough said.Leonard David is author of Moon Rush: The New Space Race (National Geographic, 2019). A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us on Twitter or on . 
20220227_144857_lva_C000397_A000020	www.macrumors.com	https://www.macrumors.com/2022/02/28/apple-event-invites-could-be-sent-out-tomorrow/	LVA	Update: We now have ! Apple uncharacteristically sent them out less than a week ahead of the event. Invites for Apples widely expected spring event could be sent out tomorrow if prove to be correct. In early February, Bloombergs reported that Apple was . Gurman then of an event on March 8 in his Power On newsletter. Apple tends to send out invitations a week ahead of its events, which would fall on Tuesday, March 1, usually at around 9am PST. Last year, Apple chose to hold its spring event in April, but otherwise the company has consistently chosen March for its spring events. Apple recently , in the Eurasian Economic Database, which suggests that the launch of new devices is imminent. Apple also hosts most of its events on Tuesdays, so overall the March 8 rumor seems very plausible. The Spring event is expected to at least include the announcement of updated versions of the and the , as well as a new Mac with Apple silicon. The has been repeatedly rumored to look the same as the <U+200C>iPhone SE<U+200C> from 2020, which itself looks very similar to the 8, but it will likely add the A15 Bionic chip, an improved rear camera, and 5G connectivity. The is also expected to feature a newer A-series chip and 5G connectivity, with no major design changes. At least one new Mac with Apple-designed chips could also be introduced at the event, and previous rumors have suggested that , but a is also a possibility. The updates may be tied to the March event and the launch of new devices, so it is possible that these updates could also be released in the first half of March. The March event is expected to be streamed digitally only, rather than be held with an in-person audience, similar to the other Apple events that have taken place over the past two years. It will likely be later this year, where Apple will introduce new software, and several keynote events . 
20220227_144857_gha_C000399_A000006	www.ghanaweb.com	https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/I-know-government-pays-you-indecent-salaries-Ofori-Atta-to-teachers-civil-servants-1479116	GHA	General News of Monday, 28 February 2022 Source: Finance Minister, Ken Ofori-Atta Finance Minister has admitted publicly that teachers and civil servants in Ghana are paid “indecent” salaries. At a recent town hall meeting in Wa, Upper West Region, to sensitise Ghanaians to the e-levy and why the government needs it passed urgently, President Nana Akufo-Addo’s cousin told his audience on Monday, 21 February 2022: “I look at teachers and civil servants, for example, and I will be the first to admit that the salaries are indecent; nobody will argue with that”. “So, yes, there is a legitimate demand for more and there is a legitimate reality that there is no money”, he admitted. “So, what do we do as a society?” he asked. “Then, you ask me to give you more salary; which is fine. Then, I say: ‘But it is your colleague civil servants who collect the money who are not collecting the money, so, how can you, responsible for collecting the money, not collect it and then tell me to give you the money. That will be another issue”, he illustrated. The initially proposed 1.75 per cent e-levy has now been reviewed to 1.5 per cent. It is still in abeyance in the hung parliament because the Minority Caucus has refused to play ball with the Majority side to get it passed. View his Timepath below: 
20220227_144857_gha_C000399_A000038	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220228/Triple-antibody-cocktail-is-a-promising-candidate-for-immunotherapy-against-SARS-CoV-2-variants-of-concern.aspx	GHA	In a recent study posted in the * preprint server, researchers generated a panel of broad (bnAbs) against SARS-CoV, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), and its variants of concern (VOCs), including Omicron from sequentially immunized mice. Study: . Image Credit: Christoph Burgstedt/Shutterstock About the study In the present study, researchers generated a total of 34 cross-neutralizing monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) targeting conserved epitopes of the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of both SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV. They used two recombinant vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) pseudoviruses termed rVSV-SARS and rVSV-SARS2. For the study, the authors alternately immunized mice with rVSV-SARS and rVSV-SARS2 at a one-week interval, and rVSV-SARS acted as the priming immunogen. After three doses of both rVSV-SARS and rVSV-SARS2, they sacrificed sequential immunized mice to build the hybridoma cell pools from which they selected cross-neutralizing mAbs. These mAbs, more specifically RBD-specific antibodies, were classified into five subclasses - C1, C2, C3, C4, and C5, based on their binding modes and the competition with angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2). Study findings Of 34 cross-neutralizing bnAbs, 19 showed comparable neutralizing efficacies against SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV with a difference of one order of magnitude in half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50), revealing that mAbs recognized epitopes highly conserved within SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV and effectively avoided the escape of several SARS-CoV-2 variants. In contrast, the class C2 and C3 nAbs contained weak cross-neutralizing mAbs with biased neutralization potencies against SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2. Classes 3, 4, and 5 bnAbs represented by S309, S2X259, and S2H972, respectively, had broad neutralizing breadths against many VOCs and SARS-CoV; however, most of these nAbs, including those authorized under EUA, showed reduced neutralizing activities against Omicron. Similarly, the cross-neutralizing bnAbs X01, X10, and X17 obtained in this study showed limited neutralizing potencies against Omicron. Regarding Class 5 nAbs, including X17, too had less potent neutralizing efficacies (IC50: 1~10 µg/mL), limiting their potential for clinical application. Although modifying X17 volume to block RBD-ACE2 attachment may be a good optimization technique for improving neutralization potency; nevertheless, the conserved epitopes serve as an ideal target for next-generation broad vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 and variants. Furthermore, despite the highly mutated RBD of Omicron, sequential immunization with rVSV-SARS and rVSV-SARS2 in this study showed the feasibility of achieving efficient immune focus on those most conserved epitopes, such as epitopes targeted by Class 5 antibodies. Yet, Omicron mutations residing in these conserved epitopes for Class 3 and Class 4 nAbs caused a significant decrease in neutralization potencies. The structural analysis revealed that the E484, Q493, and N440 mutations on Omicron RBD diminished binding of Class 3 nAb X10; likewise, a previous study reported that even the G446S mutation within Omicron RBD reduced binding of another Class 3 nAb REGN10987. Mutations in Class 4 mAbs X01, S371, and S375, also help mediate the escape of the Omicron variant. On the positive side, X01, X10, and X17 effectively protected against B.1.351 infection in vivo. The cocktail of atoltivimab, maftivimab, and odesivimab bnAbs, approved in 2020, has been shown to combat the Ebola virus. Taken together, Omicron showed unprecedented evasion from most mAbs. It should be made a component of sequential immunization, besides SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2, to achieve a more accurate immune focus, inducing bnAb response against current VOCs and emerging variants in the future. Structure analyses have revealed that at least three noncompeting cross-neutralizing epitopes are present around the SARS-CoV-2 RBD. If these are simultaneously occupied, for instance, X01, X10, and X17 could effectively shield the majority of the flank, that would synergetically neutralize all its variants. These results provide important insights into the feasibility of developing a triple antibody cocktail against infectious diseases, including COVID-19. In this triple antibody cocktail, X01 and X10 moderately blocked RBD and ACE2 binding and potently neutralized (IC50: 0.05-0.16 µg/mL) against SARS-CoV-2 and most VOCs mainly by interfering virus-receptor interaction. The third mAb X17, which recognized the highly conserved epitope buried in the RBD, further neutralized the virus by destabilizing the spike (S) protein. Overall, this triple antibody cocktail showed a synergetic neutralizing with IC50 of 3.5µg/ mL against Omicron. Although clinical administration of a large dosage of up to 8 g/mL is feasible, the 3.5 µg/mL of this antibody cocktail may also effectively neutralize Omicron. The study findings, however, should be further confirmed in animal studies. Conclusion Overall, these findings demonstrated that the triple antibody cocktail appears to be promising immunotherapy against SARS-CoV-2 VOCs, particularly Omicron. The study also documented that sequential immunization could achieve immune focus on the conserved epitopes of SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 to induce the right amounts of bnAbs against SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2, and its VOCs. The COVID-19 vaccines or antibody therapeutics based on the concept of immune focus could be a novel futuristic strategy for COVID-19 prevention and treatment. *Important notice Preprints with Research Square publishes preliminary scientific reports that are not peer-reviewed and, therefore, should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or treated as established information. 
20220227_144857_phl_C000403_A000013	www.manilatimes.net	https://www.manilatimes.net/2022/02/28/news/ukraine-demands-immediate-ceasefire-russian-withdrawal/1834596	PHL	KIEV: Ukraine demanded an immediate Russian ceasefire and troop withdrawal on Monday as its delegation arrived in Belarus for talks with Russian negotiators on the fifth day of the Kremlins offensive.Ukraines delegation is set to meet Russian representatives for the first talks since Moscows invasion, as the fighting for several Ukrainian cities continues and the Russian ruble collapses. The meeting will take place just across the border in neighboring Belarus, a key Kremlin ally that has allowed Russian troops passage to attack Ukraine.The Ukrainian delegation arrived at the Ukrainian-Belarusian border to take part in talks with representatives of the Russian Federation, the Ukrainian presidency said in a statement. Get the latest news delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times’ daily newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the and . The key issue of the talks is an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine.Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in a separate statement urged Russian troops to abandon their equipment and leave the battlefield in order to save their lives, claiming that more than 4,500 Russian soldiers had already lost their lives.He also urged the European Union to give Ukraine immediate membership, via a special procedure.Russian state media posted video of Ukrainian delegates arriving by helicopter. Russian delegate Leonid Slutsky, the head of the Russian parliaments international affairs committee, wrote on the Telegram messenger service: We will start soon. The talks come as Ukraines forces fiercely resist the Russian offensive, a day after President Vladimir Putin ordered his defense chiefs to put the countrys nuclear forces on high alert.The Ukrainian delegation includes defense minister Oleksiy Reznikov as well as deputy foreign minister Mykola Tochytskyi.The talks come after a phone call between Zelensky and Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. Zelensky has said he is skeptical about the possibility of a breakthrough.As always: I do not really believe in the outcome of this meeting, but let them try, he said.Kyiv was initially reluctant to send a delegation to Belarus, given the countrys role as facilitator in Russias attack on Ukraine. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000404_A000024	deadline.com	https://deadline.com/2022/02/sag-awards-oscars-coda-jessica-chastain-upsets-1234961400/	USA	Deadline It was a night when the pundit-predicted Oscar-season frontrunners The Power of the Dog and Belfast came up empty, and longer shots like and The Eyes of Tammy Faye that promise to add a bit more suspense as we glide toward the Oscars. The big movie winner of the night, CODA, was one I saw coming and in predicted both of its victories for Supporting Actor Troy Kotsur, who became to win an individual SAG Award and first to win two since he was also part of its Outstanding Cast Award victory. That was another race I called, not just because of the historic circumstances of seeing the first-ever predominantly deaf cast win the big one, but also because it is such a universal story of family that anyone can relate to: moving, funny and real. As it has done in the past, this SAG Cast award can energize an Oscar campaign, which is what happened when Parasite took the same prize two years ago and rode it all the way to Best Picture. The sheer enthusiasm and excitement generated by that win in the audience that night at SAG was palpable, and so tonight was this win for CODA, a movie that also showed its awards potential early on after its Sundance debut in January 2021 where it took all four major narrative prizes in an unprecedented sweep. It is nominated for Best Picture, Adapted Screenplay and for Kotsur at the Oscars, and you have to think that Apple TV+ will capitalize even more on this long-shot Oscar bid. The streamer picked it up at Sundance for $25 million as Marlee Matlin reminded us for the Cast award and has been running a strong campaign with extensive and expensive TV ads for the past few weeks. How far it can climb is TBD, but this has to be encouraging. and AP CODA’s night at SAG was a win for one of the “heart” films in the race this year, as was Will Smith’s expected victory for King Richard. A loss here would have upended the common wisdom that he is the unquestioned frontrunner for the Best Actor Oscar, that his time has come and this just cements it at this point in the game. The Supporting Actress prize for West Side Story’s also was widely expected as the Afro Latina actress continued her reign as the favorite in the category, where she is expected to win an Oscar exactly 60 years after Rita Moreno became the first Latina to do it in the exact same role. Smith and DeBose are now joined by Kotsur as front-runners in their category, but the wide open Best Actress race just got a little wider open as Jessica Chastain took the SAG award for Lead Actress for The Eyes of Tammy Faye, not at all a predictable winner for a movie that underperformed at the box office, opened early in September, and hasn’t yet translated into a lot of wins to date for the star. However, SAG is opening a new window in the race and is the first on the industry awards circuit to hand out their hardware, separating itself from the tsunami of critics awards we’ve seen so far, and definitely travelling its own path. Chastain took the prize over fellow Oscar nominees Oliva Colman and Nicole Kidman, as well as Lady Gaga and Jennifer Hudson, who both missed out on Oscar morning. Now the race moves forward where they will be joined by Penélope Cruz and Kristen Stewart (snubbed at both SAG and BAFTA). BAFTA is a non-factor in the race, a highly unusual situation where none of the Oscar nominees are nominated. Even next Sunday’s Indie Spirit Awards managed to go its own way with no single Oscar nominee in that Lead Actress race either (Kotsur and The Lost Daughter’s Jessie Buckley are in fact the only Oscar-nominated actors competing there). Critics Choice, up in two weeks on the same day as BAFTA, may be the one to give this race some renewed momentum as Cruz is the only Oscar nominee not in that contest, and Chastain now has some real heat coming out of tonight. Gilbert Flores/Deadline Keep in mind though that SAG doesn’t often bat 1.000, even though it went 5 for 5 in 2019. Last year, SAG only managed to match the Oscars in the two supporting categories, but then last year was, well, you know. Though front-running streamer Netflix got shut out on the movie side tonight, as did Belfast, they both can come back strong in two weeks when DGA, Critics Choice and BAFTA all take place within 24 hours of each other and can once again upend the race. Oscar nomination leader The Power of the Dog , which went 0 for 3 at SAG (it wasn’t even nominated for the Cast award), and last night surprisingly lost the USC Scripter Award to Netflix stablemate The Lost Daughter, is favored to do strongly at all three of those events, and Belfast might even be a homeland favorite at BAFTA. As you can see, before Oscar balloting begins on March 17 there is still plenty of time to shake up the race, and with 20-plus guild awards and other kudos events between now and Oscar night there is the potential for lots of momentum building — or undoing. Netflix As for SAG’s impact on the nascent Emmy race, Netflix , respectively, from South Korea’s phenomenon , signaling that show as a real player in the upcoming TV awards season. It looked for a nano-second that it was going to sweep, nut in the end it was HBO’s taking the TV Drama Ensemble award over Squid Game that played out as expected — even if it came finally on that smash hit show’s surprising first nomination and win, and as often the case with SAG following rather than leading to Emmy success. The same goes for Ted Lasso’s Ensemble and Lead Actor Comedy wins (in another big pair of wins for Apple, which took four overall wins tonight between TV and film) as well as Jean Smart’s Lead Comedy Actress in Hacks and Kate Winslet’s latest Mare of Easttown bauble. However, Michael Keaton’s win for Dopesick and his emotionally moving speech will go a long way toward putting that Hulu limited series and himself firmly in a strong position at the Emmys, especially since it also had a big weekend winning the USC Scripter Award last night for Danny Strong. Overall these 28th annual , surprises and all, were a welcome return to the way we were — stars showing off fashion, and seated in-person, maskless, in front of cold food on the table. Nice to return to, as Martin Short said (and why can’t HE host the Oscars?),”Let’s get back to God’s work and give another actor an award!” Onward. One month to go. If you missed my play by play in tonight’s Deadline Live Blog, check it out . 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000411_A000003	www.mmegi.bw	https://www.mmegi.bw/news/election-fraud-whistle-blower-demands-job-back/news	BWA	Tlhalefang Kolobetso, a cleaner at the time for Gantsi District Commissioner was charged for contravening the Public Service Act (PSA) and later dismissed from her work on June 30, 2021 after going through disciplinary hearing. She was accused of wilfully disclosing confidential information, contravening Section 27 (3) (i) of the PSA, which bars public servants from wilfully disclosing confidential information where such disclosure had not been authorised by the government or pursuant to any law or court order or was likely to be detrimental to the interests of the employer.Through her attorneys Collins Chilisa Consultants, Kolobetso this week challenged the lawfulness of her dismissal from the public service before the Maun High Court and sought to be reinstated with payment of all emoluments backdated to the time of her dismissal. She wanted the decision of the permanent secretary in the Ministry of Presidential Affairs, Governance and Public Administration reviewed on the basis that it was irrational and that the disciplinary action was not prompt. Kolobetsos lawyer, Charles Batsalelwang argued that the decision to dismiss her was irrational and ought to be reviewed. “The disclosure related to information concerning and relating to the conduct of the national general elections, which are managed by the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC), a body that is independent from government.The election material was not placed before Lesetedi as district commissioner or under his office as an employee of government, but the electoral material was placed before him as an independent contractor of IEC,” he said. He explained that there was no prior permission required by a citizen to report any mishandling of electoral material or suspected corrupt practice relating to electoral material. Batsalelwang emphasised that there was a duty bestowed in every citizen to disclose where they have suspicion of impropriety on how the general election were conducted and that citizens have a civic duty to report any crime or suspected crime that they witness. He pointed out that disclosing how the returning officer handled electoral material was not detrimental to the interest of the employer unless if the employer was IEC. “It is not confidential that the electoral material is in the custody of the returning officer as such is provided for in the Electoral Act. Therefore she did not disclose confidential information, the disclosure of any suspected act of corruption can never constitute a breach of confidentiality,” he said. The lawyer also said every citizen has civic duties to disclose any suspected corrupt practices whether by one’s supervisor or independent contractor to the IEC and that his client did not contravene any Act.On the disciplinary hearing, he said the Public Service Act (PSA) required that action must be taken promptly and that in the case the employer became aware of the alleged misconduct on October 2019 and was only charged on June 6, 2020. He said the amount of time that it took to prefer charges against his client was extremely unreasonable and there was no explanation for such dilatory conduct. “It took a year after she was charged for disciplinary process to be completed. It was not prompt and thus in contravention of the PSA,” he explained. The state opposed the application on grounds that the applicant violated the PSA by disclosing information gained during the course of her duty.PS Pearl Ramoroka said the applicant disregarded the warning not to share the sensitive information with any other person. “She wilfully shared the information without prior authority from the relevant authorities.She disobeyed reasonable orders given to her by a senior officer. It was specifically spelt out to her that for security reasons, disclosure of such information had the potential to disrupt peace in the country,” she said. She denied that the disciplinary proceedings were conducted as soon as investigations were completed and that immediately after thorough investigations were conducted, the findings were analysed and a charge was preferred against the applicant.At the back of the case in court papers is that prior to Kolobetso’s termination of contract she was a cleaner and on October 28, 2019 while cleaning the office of the district commissioner, Mooketsi Lesetedi, she went into his office toilet to clean and then found five transparent boxes containing used elections ballots.Lesetedi then later questioned her whether she had seen the ballot box in his office and was threatened that she will be fired should she tell anyone about the ballot boxes. “Acting in disbelieve and shock, I shared the information with the friend, Segomotso Mhaladi who is also a public servant.On June 1, 2020 I was charged with contravention of Section 27 (3) (i) of the Public Service Act. The charge letter also invited me to respond to the charges in writing. Pursuant to the invitation, I replied by letter further particulars of the charge,” read the papers.Kolobetso explained that the author of the disciplinary charges elected to remain mum about the request for further and better particulars despite acknowledging receipt of the said letter.At a disciplinary hearing convened on June 18, 2020, she was required to answer to charges leveled against her, and the hearing was adjourned to continue on July 28, 2020 and upon conclusion of the hearing the chairperson of the disciplinary hearing recommended dismissal on June 28, 2020. “On June 12, 2021 the PS communicated her intention to dismiss me, and requested that I make representations to that effect.In response, through my trade union requested minutes to the disciplinary hearing. Consequently I was summarily dismissed through a letter dated June 3, 2021,” she said. Judgement is scheduled for May 9, 2022. 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000411_A000037	www.mid-day.com	https://www.mid-day.com/lifestyle/health-and-fitness/article/lesser-meat-consumption-meat-free-diets-are-linked-to-lower-cancer-risk-study-23216371	BWA	According to a study published in the open-access journal BMC Medicine, eating meat five times or less per week is associated with a lower overall cancer risk Image for representational purpose only. Photo: istock A new study has shed light on the subject that does consumption of meat aggravate cancer or help in fighting it. According to a study published in the open-access journal BMC Medicine, eating meat five times or less per week is associated with a lower overall cancer risk. Cody Watling and colleagues from the University of Oxford, UK investigated the relationship between diet and cancer risk by analysing data collected from 472,377 British adults who were recruited to the UK Biobank between 2006 and 2010. Participants, who were aged between 40 and 70 years, reported how frequently they ate meat and fish and the researchers calculated the incidence of new cancers that developed over an average period of 11 years using records. They accounted for diabetes status and sociodemographic, socioeconomic and lifestyle factors in their analyses. 247,571 (52 per cent) of participants ate meat more than five times per week, 205,382 (44 per cent) of participants ate meat five or fewer times per week, 10,696 (2 per cent) ate fish but not meat, and 8,685 (2 per cent) were vegetarian or vegan. 54,961 participants (12 per cent) developed cancer during the study period. The researchers found that the overall cancer risk was 2 per cent lower among those who ate meat five times or less per week, 10 per cent lower among those who ate fish but not meat, and 14 per cent lower among vegetarians and vegans, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week.When comparing the incidence of specific cancers with participants diet, the authors found that those who ate meat five times or less per week had a 9 per cent lower risk of colorectal cancer, compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. They also found that the risk of prostate cancer was 20 per cent lower among men who ate fish but not meat and 31 per cent lower among men who followed a vegetarian , compared to those who ate meat more than five times per week. Post-menopausal women who followed a vegetarian diet had an 18 per cent lower risk of breast cancer than those who ate meat more than five times per week. However, the findings suggested that this was due to vegetarian women tending to have a lower body mass index (BMI) than women who ate meat. The researchers cautioned that the observational nature of their study did not allow for conclusions about a causal relationship between diet and cancer risk.Additionally, as UK Biobank dietary data was collected at a single time-point, rather than over a continuous period of time, it may not be representative of participants lifetime diets. The authors suggested that future research could investigate the associations between diets containing little or no meat and the risk of individual cancers in larger populations with longer follow-up periods.This story has been sourced from a third party syndicated feed, agencies. Mid-day accepts no responsibility or liability for its dependability, trustworthiness, reliability and data of the text. Mid-day management/mid-day.com reserves the sole right to alter, delete or remove (without notice) the content in its absolute discretion for any reason whatsoever. 
20220227_144857_ind_C000416_A000004	www.thequint.com	https://www.thequint.com/news/world/russia-ukraine-kyiv-war-crisis-live-updates-28-february	IND	The UN General Assembly held the eleventh Emergency Special Session (ESS) on the Ukraine crisis on Monday, 28 February. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, meanwhile chaired a second high-level meeting. Dozens of people were killed on Monday, after Russian forces carried out rocket strikes on the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv on Monday.A Ukrainian delegation also held border talks with Russian representatives at the Belarusian border, five days after the Russian onslaught.Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had demanded immediate EU membership for Ukraine earlier in the day, AFP reported. Ukraine Presidents Office stated that the countrys main goal is immediate ceasefire and withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine, as per Reuters.News agency PTI reported that some ministers will be sent to countries bordering Ukraine to help with the evacuations. The ministers who will be flying out for the task are: Jyotiraditya Scindia to Romania and Moldova; Kiren Rijiju to Slovakia; Hardeep Singh Puri to Hungary; and Gen (Retd) VK Singh to Poland.On Monday morning, the Russian rouble plunged as low as 119 per dollar, amid the Western-led campaign to punish and isolate Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. 
20220227_144857_ind_C000416_A000015	www.moneycontrol.com	https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/indias-gdp-growth-slowed-to-5-4-in-oct-dec-2021-fy22-growth-estimated-at-8-9-8175141.html	IND	The fall in GDP growth from 8.5 percent in July-September 2021 is due to the waning of the favourable base effect, although a reduction in the advance estimate for full-year growth from 9.2 percent is likely due to the hit to economic activity from the Omicron-variant led third COVID-19 wave. February 28, 2022 / 06:13 PM IST Indias GDP growth slowed down to 5.4 percent in October-December 2021 from 8.5 percent in the previous quarter, data released on February 28 by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation showed.The statistics ministry also said Indias GDP will likely grow by 8.9 percent in FY22, down from its first advance estimate of 9.2 percent, released in early January 2022.The GDP growth rate of 5.4 percent for the third quarter of FY22 is below expectations. , the GDP was seen rising by 6.2 percent on a year-on-year basis last quarter.Growth was expected to decline in the last quarter of 2021 as a favourable base effect waned, with the Indian economy having exited a technical recession in the corresponding period of FY21.Like the GDP growth rate, growth in Gross Value Added (GVA) also slid in October-December 2021, coming in at 4.7 percent, down from 8.4 percent in July-September 2021. For the year as a whole, the statistics ministry has estimated GVA will post a growth of 8.3 percent.Oct-Dec 2021 growthFY22 growthReal GDP5.4%8.9%Nominal GDP15.7%19.4%Real GVA4.7%8.3% Agriculture, forestry, fishing2.6%3.3% Mining, quarrying8.8%12.6% Manufacturing0.2%10.5% Construction-2.8%10.0% Trade, hotels, transport, etc6.1%11.6% Financial, real estate, professional services4.6%4.3% Public administration, defence, other services16.8%12.5%October-December 2021 saw all eight sectors record a lower rate of growth compared to last year, with the construction sector contracting by 2.8 percent.In July-September 2021, the construction sector had grown by 8.2 percent.The manufacturing sector also proved to be a drag last quarter, expanding by a mere 0.2 percent on a year-on-year basis.However, for FY22 as a whole, the governments second advance estimate showed the manufacturing and construction sectors are seen growing by 10.5 percent and 10.0 percent, respectively.The second advance estimate suggests Indias GDP growth will slow down further to 4.8 percent in January-March 2022, data for which will be released on May 31. 
20220227_144857_ind_C000416_A000022	economictimes.indiatimes.com	https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/magazines/panache/asus-8z-compact-flagship-with-5-9-inch-display-snapdragon-888-soc-launched-in-india-at-rs-43k-specs-and-availability/articleshow/89896836.cms	IND	Taiwanese brand, Asus, has unveiled its latest smartphone in India. The latest device, is now available in India after several months of delay. The new device is powered by processor and houses a 4000 mAh battery. The smartphone comes with 5G support, 8GB RAM, and a 64MP main camera. For consumers in India, the smartphone with 8GB RAM and 128GB storage has been priced at Rs 42,999. The latest device from comes in Obsidian Black and Horizon Silver colour options. The smartphone will be available for purchase on from noon on March 7. Asus 8z was launched in Europe in 2021 as ZenFone 8 and has been designed for those specifically looking for compact smartphones with flagship-like features. RECOMMENDEDSTORIES FOR YOU Asus 8z specifications: Asus 8z runs on Android 11 topped by ZenUI 8 5.9-inch full-HD+ Samsung E4 with a 120Hz refresh rate Corning Gorilla Glass Victus protection for the display Powered by octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 SoC with 8GB of LPDDR5 RAM Features a dual rear-camera setup with 64MP Sony IMX686 primary camera 12MP Sony IMX363 secondary camera with an ultra-wide lens 12MP Sony IMX663 selfie camera with dual phase-detection autofocus lens It comes with 128GB UFS 3.1 storage with expansion through HDD over NTFS format Under-display fingerprint sensor, stereo speakers and triple microphones In Europe, the device was launched in May 2021 at EUR 599 (around Rs 50,400) for the 6GB and 128 GB storage option; Euro 660 (around Rs 56,300) for the 8GB+128GB model; and EUR 799 (around Rs 67,300) for the 16GB and 256GB variant. Download to get Daily Market Updates & Live Business News. 
20220227_144857_aus_C000423_A000037	www.news-medical.net	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20220228/Study-finds-Omicron-sublineage-BA2-is-less-pathogenic-in-rodent-models-than-prior-SARS-CoV-2-variants.aspx	AUS	In a recent study posted in the * preprint server, which is under consideration at a Nature Portfolio Journal, researchers evaluated the pathogenicity and replication potential of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) variant of concern (VOC) Omicron lineage, BA.2 in immunocompetent mice and hamsters. Study: . Image Credit: Tobias Arhelger/Shutterstock Omicron has four sublineages: BA.1, BA.1.1, BA.2, and BA.3. While the original BA.1 variant has become the dominant variant in many countries, BA.2 variants are just beginning to dominate in the Philippines, India, and Denmark, and preliminary data has evidenced it being more transmissible than the BA.1 variant. SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein mutations, viz. E484K N501Y, D614G, and P681H/R, to name a few, affect infectivity, pathogenicity, transmissibility, species tropism, and antigenicity. Compared with the reference strain Wuhan/Hu-1/2019, the BA.2 variant has 31 amino acid substitutions in the S protein. Although the BA.1 and BA.2 variants share 20 S mutations, BA.2 possesses 11 amino acid changes not found in BA.1. Of these, four mutations, including K417N, E484K, and N501Y in BA.2, are the key mutations responsible for mouse adaptation. The researchers, therefore, speculated BA.2 would infect immunocompetent mice and replicate in their respiratory organs, as previously exemplified with BA.1 variants. About the study In the present study, researchers inoculated female BALB/c mice with 105 plaque-forming units (PFU) of BA.1 or BA.2, or phosphate buffer saline (PBS) (mock) before weight assessments. Five- to six-week-old male wild-type Syrian hamsters were also used in this study. The researchers inoculated these test animals with 103 or 105 PFU of Omicron/BA.2 or BA.1, following which their bodyweight monitoring was done daily for ten days. For virological and pathological examinations, they selected four infected hamsters per group. These animals were euthanized at three and six days post-infection (p.i.) for their nasal turbinates and lungs. Using plaque assays on VeroE6/transmembrane protease serine 2 () cells, the researchers measured viral titers in the nasal turbinates and lungs. They performed these experiments with SARS-CoV-2 in enhanced biosafety level 3 (BSL3) containment laboratories at the University of Tokyo and the National Institute of Infectious Diseases, Japan. After obtaining informed consent, they collected respiratory and plasma specimens from SARS-CoV-2-infected and coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) convalescent individuals and vaccinees, respectively. For gene synthesis, they used amino acid sequences for the variable region of the heavy and light chains of several anti-S human monoclonal antibodies (MAbs). The synthesized genes were cloned into a plasmid for protein expression and transfected into CHO cells. The researchers used a protein A column to obtain purified MAbs; further, before use, they confirmed their purity using sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) and high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Study findings In mice, both BA.2 and BA.1 Omicron variants showed attenuated pathogenicity The body weight of mice did not change after infection with BA.1 or BA.2 or PBS, and whole-body plethysmography (WBP) revealed that Penh or Rpef did not change in the BA.1- or BA.2-infected groups compared to the mock-infected group. Penh and Rpef are surrogate markers for bronchoconstriction and airway obstruction, respectively. Although viral titers in nasal turbinates of BALB/c mice infected with BA.1 or BA.2 were similar; however, at five dpi, the lung viral titers in the BA.2-infected group were 33-fold lower than those in the BA.1-infected group. Histopathological analysis of the lungs of BALB/c mice infected with BA.1 or BA.2 showed that inflammatory cell infiltration around the bronchi and in the alveolar spaces was minimal at two and five days p.i. The total detectable viral RNA and antigen decreased in BA.1- and BA.2-infected mice, suggesting that BA.1 and BA.2 displayed substantially lesser lung infectivity than the SARS-CoV-2 Beta variant. Regarding the inflammatory responses in the lungs of BALB/c mice, they showed similar cytokine/chemokine levels at one, two, or three days p.i. as naďve mice. In K18-hACE2 transgenic mice, at three dpi, the virus titers in the lungs and nasal turbinates were 400- to 1000-fold lower in the respiratory tract of animals infected with BA.2 than mice infected with WA1/2020 D614G. Omicron/BA.2 and BA.1 showed similar pathogenicity in Syrian hamsters Syrian hamsters inoculated with BA.1 or BA.2 did not show any weight change or Penh or Rpef. Contrasting to what was observed in mice, at three dpi, viral titers in nasal turbinates of hamsters were higher with BA.1 than BA. 2, despite the inoculation dose. The lung viral titers with the 103 PFU inoculating dose of BA.2 were 100-fold lower than those infected with 103 PFU of BA.1. The nasal turbinates and lungs of five hamsters inoculated with a 1:1 mixture of BA.1 and BA.2 were harvested at four dpi for next-generation sequencing (NGS). NGS analysis revealed that BA.1 became dominant in the nasal turbinates of all five infected animals, indicating that it outcompeted BA.2 during upper airway tract replication in hamsters. Micro-computed tomography (micro-CT) analysis revealed that at seven dpi, there were minimal lung abnormalities and no lung consolidation in all of the BA.2-infected hamsters. Overall, 62.5% (5 out of 8) of the BA.1-infected hamsters showed symptoms congruous with minimal pneumonia. Histopathological changes in the lungs of BA.1- or BA.2-infected hamsters suggested that BA.1 and BA.2 mainly affected bronchi. Overall, these findings showed that the pathogenicity of Omicron/BA.1 and Omicron/BA.2 was analogous in the hamster model. Antibody responses to the Omicron/BA.2 variant Neutralization titers against BA.2 were established using a focus reduction neutralization test (FRNT). The authors observed that 50% FRNT (FRNT50) geometric mean titers of plasma from individuals immunized with a third dose of the BNT162b2 vaccine against BA.1, BA1.1, and BA.2 were 3.4- to 5.9-fold lower compared with those against the WA1/2020 D614G and Delta strains. This reduction in neutralizing titers was comparable between all three Omicron viruses; still, this reduction was more for BA.1 and BA.1.1 than for BA.2 at both one- and three months post-vaccination. While the plasma samples from the COVID-19 vaccine recipients who experienced Delta or Omicron breakthrough infections showed higher FRNT50 values against the Delta variant, these values remained 3.3- to 4.9-fold lower against the three Omicron strains. Thus, suggesting that antibodies evoked by vaccine or SARS-COV-2 infection have reduced neutralizing activity against BA.2 compared to other Omicron strains. Effects of mAbs and antiviral compounds against the Omicron/BA.2 variant Three therapeutic mAbs REGN10987/REGN10933, COV2-2196/COV2-2130, and S309 restricted viral replication in the lungs of hamsters infected with BA.2. The authors evaluated the therapeutic antiviral compounds, such as molnupiravir, S-217622, etc., in hamsters intranasally infected with 103 PFU of BA.2. These compounds were dissolved in 0.5% methylcellulose before in vivo experiments. The animals were then treated via oral gavage twice daily (at 12-h intervals) for one, two, or three days with 1000 mg/kg/day of molnupiravir, 120 mg/kg/day of S-217622, or 2000 mg/kg/day of nirmatrelvir, beginning 24 hours p.i. All three compounds effectively inhibited BA.2 replication in the lower respiratory tract of hamsters. Furthermore, animals treated with S-217622 showed reduced infection in the upper respiratory tract. Conclusions Overall, the study findings demonstrated almost similar infectivity and pathogenicity of the Omicron/BA.2 variant vis-a-vis Omicron/BA.1 variant in mice and hamsters. Moreover, the results showed that Omicron/BA.2 variant is susceptible to restriction via some therapeutic MAbs and antiviral compounds in clinical use or under development. *Important notice Preprints with Research Square publishes preliminary scientific reports that are not peer-reviewed and, therefore, should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or treated as established information. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000430_A000006	eu.usatoday.com	https://eu.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2022/02/28/fact-check-whats-true-and-whats-false-invasion-ukraine/6952717001/	USA	US journalist killed after Russian soldiers opened fireAmerican video journalist Brent Renaud was killed Sunday in Ukraine when Russian soldiers opened fire on a car outside the capital of Kyiv.Staff Video, USA TODAYFalse and misleading information about the Russian invasion of Ukraine has spread rapidly on social media since Russian forces launched a in the pre-dawn hours of Feb. 24.Here’s a roundup of claims related to the Ukraine-Russia conflict analyzed by the USA TODAY Fact Check team: Fact check: U.S. and European relations with Russia, UkraineClaim: There are U.S. biolabs in Ukraine funded by the U.S. governmentOur rating: FalseThe labs in question are owned and funded by the Ukrainian government. The social media posts misrepresent a treaty between the U.S. and Ukraine aimed at preventing biological threats, and numerous reports indicate the claim is tied to a years-long Russian disinformation campaign aimed at discrediting the U.S. Claim: Ukraine was the largest donor to the Clinton Foundation Our rating: FalseThough foreign governments have contributed to the Clinton Foundation, Ukraine is not listed as a donor. The claims misrepresent a 2015 report on donations made between 1999 and 2014 ranked by the nationality of individual contributors, not foreign governments. The vast majority of donations from Ukrainian nationals to the Clinton Foundation in a chart that was part of that report came from one individual. . Claim: Vladimir Putin has banned the Rothschild family from entering RussiaOur rating: FalseTheres no evidence supporting the claim that Putin has banned the Rothschild family from entering Russia, which was first published in 2016 and has been debunked by independent fact-checking organizations. The Rothschild familys company has an office in Moscow. Claim: President Joe Biden plans to sell Alaska to RussiaOur rating: SatireThe claim that the U.S. president plans to sell Alaska to Russia is satire. It stems from an article published by The Babylon Bee, a satire website. There is no evidence Biden plans to sell Alaska. Claim: Sean Penns pre-war Ukraine visit is evidence of propagandaOur rating: Missing contextActor Sean Penns visit to Ukraine in November 2021 for a documentary offers no proof of political propaganda. At the time of his visit, there were already concerns that Russia might invade parts of Ukraine, and the conflict between the two countries dates back to at least 2014. . Claim: Poland is sending jets to a US air base in Germany to send to UkraineOur rating: Missing contextThe U.S. Department of Defense said it would not advance Polands plan to send jets to a U.S. air base in Germany so jets could be sent on to Ukraine. Polish officials announced the proposal before it was cleared by the Biden administration. . Claim: President Joe Biden said there is a new world orderOur rating: Missing contextBiden did not confirm a world domination conspiracy theory when he mentioned a new world order. He was describing international changes from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and historians say politicians have used the term for decades. . Claim: The Space Foundation stripped the honors of Soviet cosmonaut Yuri GagarinOur rating: Missing contextThe Space Foundation did not revoke any awards or remove any honors from Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin. A spokesperson said the nonprofit changed the name of a fundraising event this year in light of recent events to not distract from the events purpose. . Claim: The Russian invasion of Ukraine is ‘scripted and staged’Our rating: FalseThere is ample evidence the conflict in Ukraine is real. Photos and videos from correspondents on the ground have shown the extensive damage done to buildings, and the toll inflicted on civilians. A number of countries and international humanitarian organizations have responded to the conflict and confirmed the situation there. . Claim: The price of crude oil increased 513% between Joe Biden’s inauguration and the Russian invasion of UkraineOur rating: FalseData shows crude oil prices increased by around 75% between Bidens first day in office and the day Russia launched its attack on Ukraine. Experts say different international factors are responsible for the surge in crude oil prices. . Claim: Ukraine announced its the first country to implement the Great Reset through a mobile appOur rating: FalseThe Diia app, which allows Ukrainians to upload identification documents, is not connected to the World Economic Forums Great Reset proposal. . Claim: George Soros is wanted in Russia and has been declared a global terrorist in ChinaOur rating: FalseThere is no evidence Soros is wanted in Russia or that he was declared a terrorist in China. An Open Society Foundations spokesperson said the claims are false. . Claim: Biden administration is “sucking the Strategic Oil Reserve dry”Our rating: FalseThe Biden administrations planned release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve is the largest on record, but the amount scheduled to be removed is one-third of the total. . Claim: Ukraine is the money laundering and child sex trafficking capital of the worldOur rating: FalseUkraine isnt ranked the worst in human trafficking or money laundering, experts say. Reports indicate these problems are more prominent in other countries. . Claim: Pentagon officials said Volodymyr Zelenskyy and George Soros are cousinsOur rating: FalseThere is no evidence Zelenskyy and Soros are cousins, and the Pentagon said it did not issue a statement claiming otherwise. . Claim: Russian forces captured a U.S. general in Mariupol, UkraineOur rating: FalseRussian forces did not capture a U.S. general in Mariupol. NATO said its Allied Land Command leader is in Turkey, and no forces have been deployed to Ukraine. . False or misleading videosClaim: A video shows Russian soldiers parachuting into UkraineOur rating: FalseA viral video, recorded by a man in a military uniform, shows a handful of people with parachutes descending into an open field. But the video was posted on Instagram in 2015, nearly seven years before Russia invaded Ukraine. Claim: A video shows a recent explosion in UkraineOur rating: FalseA viral video shows a flash of light followed by an orange glow behind several darkened buildings, claiming its setting is Ukraine. However, the video was shared to TikTok in January and has nothing to do with the Russian invasion. Claim: Video shows explosion in UkraineOur rating: FalseIn a video claiming to be set in Ukraine, a massive ball of fire explodes in the air. What the video actually shows is an explosion at a chemical warehouse in an industrial city in China. It was captured by an American survivor in 2015. Claim: A video shows a Russian fighter jet in UkraineOur rating: FalseAn online video clip shows a plane falling from the sky and bursting into flames, purporting to show a Russian jet shot down by the Ukrainian military. But the footage really shows a Libyan plane shot down by rebels over Benghazi in March 2011, a decade before Russias invasion of Ukraine. Claim: A video shows Ukrainian police dropping their equipment and walking awayOur rating: Missing contextA video purports to show Odesa police abandoning their equipment and refusing to go against its people. While the clip does show Odesa police, the footage is from a May 2014 pro-Russian demonstration. It is unrelated to the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Claim: A video shows Russian jets flying over KyivOur rating: FalseA video claims Russian planes can be seen flying over the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv. But the video actually shows a flyover practice in Moscow ahead of the citys celebration of Victory Day and was posted in May 2020. Claim: A video shows war between Russia and UkraineOur rating: FalseA video claims to show war between Russia and Ukraine before the former had invaded the latter. Thats not true. The video shows footage from Arma 3, a military-style video game. At the time the footage was posted, on Feb. 20, Russia had not invaded Ukraine. Claim: A BBC News segment depicts a military escalation between Russia and NATOOur rating: FalseA video that purports to show a BBC News segment narrating the escalation of Russian and NATO combat is actually just an out-of-context dramatization made as a training video. The BBC previously debunked its association to the clip in 2018, tracing its source to a private company that identified it as fictional. The videos actor has also gone on the record to say that the clip is fictional. Claim: A video shows a Russian tank running over a Ukrainian carOur rating: Missing contextNews organizations and an eyewitness confirmed the authenticity of a video showing an armored vehicle running over a civilian car in Ukraine. But claims that the armored vehicle shows a Russian tank are unproven. Military experts say the vehicle is likely a Strela-10, which is used by both Russian and Ukrainian armed forces. . Claim: A video shows Ukrainian and Russian troops face to faceOur rating: Missing contextWhile a video shows Russian and Ukrainian soldiers, it wasnt captured during the Russian invasion. The standoff between soldiers took place in 2014 in Crimea. . Claim: A video shows Ukrainians destroying Russian tanks with Molotov cocktailsOur rating: FalseWhile volunteers in Ukraine have been producing Molotov cocktails, the video doesnt depict Russias 2022 invasion of Ukraine. The footage shows Ukrainians clashing with police in 2014 during anti-government demonstrations in Kyivs central square. Claim: A video shows a huge military convoy heading to UkraineOur rating: FalseA video showing a train snaking its way through the countryside, pulling a long line of flatcars loaded with tanks, is not related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The footage in question shows an American railway company carrying tanks in Southern California and is at least four years old. Claim: A video shows an explosion at the Ukraine international airportOur rating: FalseA video that shows a massive explosion engulfing the sky near a populated area shows an explosion at a Ukrainian air base in the city of Melitopol, not the non-existent Ukraine International Airport. But numerous international airports in Ukraine have suffered Russian missile strikes. Claim: A video shows Russian soldiers preparing nuclear weaponsOur rating: FalseA video purporting to show Russian soldiers preparing nuclear missiles actually shows a British journalist jokingly placing a lighter near a decommissioned intercontinental ballistic missile. The video was taken in 2014 in Ukraine during the filming of the Top Gear TV show. Claim: A video shows families fleeing a battleOur rating: Missing contextA video clip that shows families hurrying to run behind troop lines as an explosion flings debris in the background is a 2021 Russian reenactment of a World War II battle. The video is unrelated to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Claim: A video shows Russians and Ukrainians dancing togetherOur rating: Missing contextA video that shows several uniformed individuals dancing to upbeat music in a muddy field while a nearby crowd of clapping soldiers stand on honking armored vehicles is missing context. The video was first shared at least a week before Russian forces invaded Ukraine, and Crimean news reports indicate the dancing took place after a planned tactical exercise in the peninsula. USA TODAY found no evidence the soldiers are members of the Ukrainian military. Claim: A video shows the Ukrainian Air Force shooting down a Russian jetOur rating: FalseA video of jets passing over a building and a projectile seemingly striking an object in the sky does not show the Ukrainian Air Force shooting down a Russian jet. The video is from a video game called Digital Combat Simulator World. Claim: Ukrainians are posting videos about how to drive abandoned or captured Russian military vehiclesOur rating: Missing contextThe claim that Ukrainians are posting videos about how to drive abandoned or captured Russian military vehicles is missing context. The video in the post was initially published a year before the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Claim: A video shows crisis actors pretending to be dead in UkraineOur rating: FalseA video that shows dozens of people lying in what appear to be body bags, with one of the people moving, does not show crisis actors pretending to be dead. The video is from an Austrian climate protest that occurred weeks before the Russian invasion of Ukraine began.Claim: A video shows Ukrainian soldiers saying goodbye to their wives before going to warOur rating: Missing contextA video that shows women crying and hugging two men wearing military uniforms and black balaclavas is taken out of context. The video was shot in 2014 as soldiers prepared to fight Russia-backed rebels in the Donbas region and was used for a documentary. It has nothing to do with the invasion of Ukraine, as the social media posts imply. Claim: Video shows meeting between Vladimir Putin and South Korean presidentOur rating: FalsePutin and the South Korean president are not seen meeting in this viral video. The video actually shows a 2019 meeting between Putin and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Claim: A video shows Ukrainian and Russian soldiers playing tug-of-warOur rating: FalseFootage purporting to show Ukrainian and Russian soldiers playing tug-of-war actually shows Canadian and American service members in 2012 during a joint training session in Indiana. . Claim: Video shows downed Russian fighter jet on highwayOur rating: FalseA 2014 promotional Star Wars video was falsely described online as showing a downed Russian fighter jet in Kyiv. . Claim: Video shows Ukrainian soldiers killing civilians in ChechnyaOur rating: FalseA video purporting to show Ukrainian soldiers killing people in Chechnya is actually a clip from the 2014 fictional film The Search. . Claim: A video shows Putin threatening KenyaOur rating: FalseA Feb. 24 Russian state television broadcast on Putins reasoning for a military operation in Ukraine has been inaccurately captioned online as showing Putin threatening Kenya. .Claim: Video shows South Sudan president apologizing to Putin after threatOur rating: FalseA viral video doesnt show an exchange between the president of Russia and the president of South Sudan. The subtitles are inaccurate, and one clip of the South Sudan leader is included out of context. . Claim: A video shows Russian troops making a temporary bridgeOur rating: FalseA video shows part of NATOs 2017 training exercise in Lithuania, and it is unrelated to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. . Claim: Not one raw footage video has come out of Ukraine despite widespread internet connectivityOur rating: FalseWhile misleading and edited footage is spreading online, journalists and news outlets have verified plenty of raw footage from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. . Claim: A video shows the destruction of Russian military aircraft and tanksOur rating: FalseA viral clip shows a popular video game, not the destruction of Russian military aircraft and tanks. . Claim: A video shows drones putting out a high-rise fire in UkraineOur rating: FalseThe footage shows a 2020 drone firefighting demonstration in China, not drones putting out a high-rise fire in Ukraine. . Claim: A video shows American soldiers parachuting into UkraineOur rating: FalseA video purporting to show American soldiers parachuting into Ukraine was recorded in 2016 and shows a military training exercise in North Carolina. . Claim: A video shows soldiers destroying a Russian tankOur rating: FalseA viral 9-minute video shows footage from the video game Arma 3, not soldiers destroying a Russian tank with an anti-tank weapon. . Claim: Footage shows a Ukrainian boy crossing the Polish border aloneOur rating: FalseA Ukrainian boy seen crossing the Polish border in a viral video wasnt traveling alone, according to the Polish Border Guard..Claim: Video shows new graves for Russian soldiers killed in UkraineOur rating: FalseA video purporting to show new graves for Russian soldiers killed in Ukraine dates back to at least 2021 and shows pre-drug graves in preparation for frozen soil conditions in the winter. . Claim: Ukraines emergency wartime payment is dependent on a citizens COVID-19 vaccination statusOur rating: FalseUkraines government said all citizens impacted by the war are eligible for an emergency wartime payment, and there is no mention of a COVID-19 vaccine requirement. Online posts distorted a speech from Ukraines prime minister about the relief program. . Claim: A video shows Slovak lawmakers pouring water on the Ukrainian flagOur rating: Missing contextA video of opposition lawmakers in Slovakia pouring water on a Ukrainian flag was taken prior to the Russian invasion. Slovakia is a NATO member and has supported Ukraine. . Claim: A video shows a dead Ukrainian smoking a cigaretteOur rating: FalseA video purporting to show a dead Ukrainian smoking a cigarette shows an actor smoking in a body bag for a Russian music video. . Deceptive use of imagesClaim: A photo shows a Russian jet going down in flames as it invaded UkraineOur rating: FalseThe image that claims to show a Russian jet crashing in flames as it invaded Ukraine was actually taken in 1993, after two Russian fighter jets collided in mid-air while performing at an airshow in England. Claim: An image shows a Russian plane shot down by UkraineOur rating: FalseThe photo of a plane falling from the sky was captured in August 2015 during an air show in Russia. Claim: A photo shows Ukrainians praying in the snow in this phase of war dangerOur rating: Missing contextThe photo of people praying in the snow is from Ukraine, but it has circulated online since at least 2019. It does not show Ukrainians praying during recent tensions with Russia. Claim: A photo shows an explosion in UkraineOur rating: FalseAn image of a large explosion depicts Israeli airstrikes in the Gaza Strip in May 2021, not ongoing fighting in Ukraine. Claim: A photo shows a celebration after Ukraines president lifted a ban on proselytizingOur rating: FalseThe image of thousands protesting was taken in 2017 during a celebration in Kyiv of the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Reformation. USA TODAY found no evidence that Ukraine ever banned proselytizing. Claim: An image of a woman holding a rifle shows life in Ukraine, nowOur rating: FalseThe photo of a woman holding a rifle on a bus while checking her phone was first shared online in March 2020. A Russian social media influencer said it shows her posing with a fake weapon after a photo shoot. Claim: Image shows Japanese ambassador to Ukraine dressed as a samurai who stayed in KievOur rating: FalseA photo purporting to show the Japanese ambassador to Ukraine dressed in a samurai outfit in Kyiv actually shows the Ukrainian ambassador to Japan. The image was captured prior to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. . Claim: An image shows Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in military uniform alongside his peopleOur rating: Missing contextWhile a photo showing Zelenskyy in military garb is authentic, it wasnt captured recently amid current conflict with Russia. It was taken in early 2021 when he visited troops in eastern Ukraine. . Claim: An image shows Ukraine first lady Olena Zelenska in uniformOur rating: FalseA viral image shows a Ukrainian soldier at a military parade rehearsal in Kyiv in August 2021, not Ukraines first lady. Some users claimed the photo shows the vice presidents wife, however there is no vice president role in Ukraine. . Claim: An image of a wounded child is from the Russian invasion of UkraineOur rating: FalseA 2018 photo of a wounded girl in a hospital after a bombing in Syria is being falsely described online as showing a wounded child from the Russian invasion of Ukraine. . Claim: A photo shows children saluting Ukrainian troopsOur rating: Missing contextAn image of a young boy and girl saluting Ukrainian soldiers predates Russias invasion of Ukraine. The photo is from 2016, two years after the Russian annexation of Crimea. . Claim: A photo shows a Time magazine cover comparing Vladimir Putin to Adolf HitlerOur rating: AlteredAn image depicting a supposed Time magazine cover comparing Russian President Vladimir Putin and Adolf Hitler is altered. A graphic designer created the photo of Putin and Hitler and edited it to appear as if it were a real Time cover. The magazines most recent cover shows a Russian tank, not Putin. Claim: An image shows a Ukrainian girl confronting a Russian soldierOur rating: FalseViral pictures of a young girl appearing to shout and wave her fist in front of a soldier with a gun werent taken in Ukraine. The image shows a Palestinian girl confronting an Israeli soldier in the West Bank in 2012. Claim: Former beauty queen Anastasiia Lenna joined the Ukrainian militaryOur rating: FalseViral photos purporting to show former Miss Grand Ukraine Anastasiia Lenna joining the military to defend her country actually show her posing with an airsoft gun, which she says were meant to inspire people amid the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Lenna clarified she has not joined the military and that she is an airsoft player. Her Instagram page shows she has been sharing airsoft game photos for years. Claim: An image shows Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko with a machine gunOur rating: Missing contextA photo that shows Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitscheko with a machine gun is from March 2021 when he visited a military training center. It is unrelated to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.Claim: Samuel Hyde is the Ghost of KyivOur rating: FalseSamuel Hyde is not the so-called Ghost of Kyiv. The image in the post was altered to replace a U.S. pilots face with Hydes face. Hyde has been falsely linked to various mass shootings and global tragedies for years. Claim: Russia unveiled a nuclear missile called Satan 2 Our rating: Missing contextThe missile was first announced in 2016 – not recently, as posts online makes it seem – and reportedly will not be in use until late 2022. None of the three images in the post show Satan 2. Claim: An image shows Natasha Perakov, the first Ukrainian female fighter pilotOur rating: FalseThe first Ukrainian female fighter pilot is not shown in the post. The image shows a Ukrainian soldier who won a beauty contest in 2016. Ukraines first female fighter pilot is Nadiya Savchenko.Claim: An image shows members of Dynamo Kyiv in military attireOur rating: FalseA picture showing 25 men dressed in camouflage military attire doesnt show members of Ukrainian soccer team Dynamo Kyiv. The image shows members of Gonor, a Ukrainian nationalist group. Claim: An image shows a captured Russian tank for sale on eBayOur rating: FalseA company spokesperson told USA TODAY the listing is fake. The sale of military items, including weapons and vehicles, is prohibited on eBay. The image of the T-72 tank in the post dates back to 2010. Claim: Photos show Ukrainian demonstration in support of MyanmarOur rating: AlteredPhotos on social media dont show a Ukrainian demonstration for Myanmar. The original photos were taken at Ukrainian demonstrations that were unrelated to Myanmar. They were altered to include pro-Myanmar slogans and images on protest signs. Claim: Photos show angel-like cloud formations over Kyiv amid Russian siege Our rating: FalsePhotos purporting to show angel-like cloud formations over Kyiv are at least five years old and predate the Russian invasion of Ukraine. . Claim: An image shows a Russian Su-34 aircraft shot down in KyivOur rating: FalseA 1944 image of a U.S. B-17 aircraft that crash-landed at an airfield in Papua New Guinea is being falsely described as showing a Russian Su-34 aircraft shot down in Kyiv. . Claim: Image shows St. Louis Arch lit up with the colors of the Ukrainian flagOur rating: AlteredThe Gateway Arch in St. Louis was not lit up with the colors of the Ukrainian flag, according to the National Park Service. A photo claiming to show otherwise has been digitally altered. . Claim: Ukraine revealed a new stamp titled Russian warship, go (expletive) yourselfOur rating: TrueAn image showing a soldier flipping off a warship with the text Russian warship go (expletive) yourself is an authentic Ukrainian postage stamp. The design honors the soldiers who defended Snake Island. . Claim: A photo shows a Ukrainian farmer towing a captured Russian jetOur rating: FalseA photo shows a jet being towed by tractor through the streets of Zagreb, Croatia, in 2011, not a Ukrainian farmer towing a captured Russian jet amid the invasion of Ukraine. .The claim: Photo shows Ukrainian children hiding in a metro station after Russias invasionOur rating: FalseA photo purporting to show Ukrainian children in a metro station after Russias invasion shows children taking part in a practice drill at a school bomb shelter before the invasion began on Feb. 24. . The claim: The Russian attack on a Mariupol maternity hospital was staged Our rating: FalseImages of an injured pregnant woman in the aftermath of a hospital attack show a Ukrainian beauty influencer, but theres no evidence she is a crisis actor. International health agencies and news organizations confirmed the bombing of a Mariupol maternity hospital took place on March 9. .Claim: Images show Russian-bombed Syria, and KyivOur rating: FalseA photo purporting to show Aleppo, Syria, is actually a 2017 image of Mosul, Iraq. The second image shows Kyiv, but it was taken one day after the start of the Russian invasion, not after weeks of bombing. .Claim: A Ukrainian artist created a mosaic of Vladimir Putins face with bullet casings from the Ukrainian frontOur rating: Missing contextA portrait of Putins face is authentic, but it was created by a Ukrainian artist in 2015 in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, not recently amid the invasion. . Claim: Photo shows child whose parents died in the war in UkraineOur rating: FalseA photo purporting to show a child whose parents died in the war in Ukraine originated from a 2015 music video. . Claim: Photo shows Ukrainian tractor towing Russian rocketOur rating: AlteredA photo claiming to show a Ukrainian tractor towing a Russian rocket was altered using a 2018 image of a Soyuz rocket being pulled by a train. . Claim: Photo shows a young girl preparing to fight in UkraineOur rating: FalseA photo of a young girl holding a gun does not show her preparing for war in Ukraine. The girls father said it was staged and taken before the Russian invasion. . Claim: Ukrainian boxer Wladimir Klitschko auctioned his Olympic medal to help Ukrainian childrenOur rating: Missing contextKlitschko auctioned his Olympic medal to help Ukrainian children at a charity event in 2012, a decade before the Russian invasion. . Claim: The Ukrainian army uses cats to identify sniper laser sightsOur rating: FalseAn image purporting to show a Ukrainian soldier holding a military cat has circulated online since at least 2018, and the poster who initiated this claim has said it was fabricated. . Claim: Russian Consulate in Montreal is now located on Avenue ZelenskyOur rating: FalseCity officials said the address of the Russian Consulate in Montreal has not changed. The street remains listed as Avenue de Musée, not Avenue Zelensky.. Use of fake or misleading media reportsClaim: CNN reported the death of Bernie Gores in both Afghanistan and UkraineOur rating: FalseA post claiming CNN reported the same man was both executed by the Taliban in 2021 and killed by Ukrainian separatists in February is false. The tweets pictured in social media posts appear to have come from unverified accounts that have been suspended. CNN denied posting the tweets. Claim: Russia deployed nuclear weapons in Americas backyard, CNN reportedOur rating: Missing contextA CNN news clip featuring correspondent Brian Todd and a chyron that asserts Putin is making military moves in Americas backyard was shared out of context. The video was recorded and originally posted online in 2018, when two Russian bombers arrived in Venezuela to carry out military exercises over the Caribbean. The video has nothing to do with the current invasion of Ukraine. Claim: An image shows a CNN chyron that reads, Ocasio-Cortez says she feared being raped during Ukraine invasionOur rating: AlteredAn image that claims to show a CNN chyron that reads, Ocasio-Cortez says she feared being raped during Ukraine invasion is fake. It was superimposed on an image of Ocasio-Cortez from an interview with CNN in August 2021. Claim: CNN tweeted a story about a former teacher dubbed the Kharkiv Kid Finder Our rating: FalseCNN did not tweet a story about a former teacher dubbed the Kharkiv Kid Finder in Ukraine. A spokesperson for the network said the tweet is fabricated. . Claim: A protest during a Russian news broadcast was staged because there are no live on-air television broadcasts in RussiaOur rating: FalseRussian media experts say news is broadcast live in the country, and there is no evidence a producers antiwar protest during a Russian news broadcast was fake. . Claim: George Soros said on CNN he helped overthrow the former Ukrainian presidentOur rating: FalseThere is no evidence that American billionaire George Soros said he helped overthrow the former Ukrainian president. CNN and the Soros foundation said the claim is false, and the 2014 CNN transcript of Soros interview includes no such statement. . Claim: CNN sent tweet with picture of Serbian building, claimed it was bombed hotel in Ukraine Our rating: Altered An image purporting to show a CNN tweet identifying a Serbian building as a bombed Ukrainian hotel is altered. The formatting suggests a lack of authenticity, and a CNN spokesperson said its fabricated. .Claim: Canadian sniper Wali was killed by Russian forces in UkraineOur rating: FalseA Canadian sniper nicknamed Wali was not killed in Ukraine. He has confirmed to numerous news outlets in video interviews that he is still alive. . Claim: A Ukrainian plane tore off a road sign while flying low to avoid Russian radarOur rating: FalseAn image showing a Ukrainian military plane that tore off a road sign was captured in August 2020, not amid the Russian invasion. . Claim: Tucker Carlson suggested photos of bodies in Bucha, Ukraine, could have been stagedOur rating: False Tucker Carlson didnt suggest photos of bodies in Bucha were staged. He denied the quote and the author of the tweet acknowledged it was fabricated. . Thank you for supporting our journalism. You can Our fact-check work is supported in part by a grant from Facebook. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000430_A000009	www.cbsnews.com	https://www.cbsnews.com/news/cpac-trump-2024-straw-poll/	USA	Attendees at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Orlando selected as their favorite for the 2024 Republican presidential nomination, with 59% of voters selecting Trump in the annual gatherings straw poll.Florida Governor Ron DeSantis trailed Trump by more than 30 points, winning 28% of the straw poll, which included 2,574 attendees. Without Trump on the ballot, DeSantis won the support of 61% of attendees, including two-thirds of Trump supporters.The straw polls are conducted anonymously through the CPAC app at the conference, where attendees tend to skew toward the right wing of the party. With Trump on the ballot, no one besides DeSantis cracked 2% of the vote. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo received 2% of support. Senator Rand Paul, South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, former U.S. ambassador the U.N. Nikki Haley, Senator Ted Cruz, Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin and former Vice President Mike Pence all received 1% of the vote. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan, a favorite among moderates, did not receive any votes, pollster John Mclaughlin said. Former U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Orlando, Florida, U.S., on Saturday, Feb. 26, 2022. Bloomberg In a hypothetical matchup without Trump on the ballot, Pompeo received 6%, Trump Jr. 6%, and Cruz, Paul, Noem each got 3%. Youngkin and Haley each received 2%. Pence and Senators Josh Hawley, Rick Scott, Tim Scott, Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton all received 1%, along with former Trump Housing Secretary Ben Carson. 2012 GOP nominee Senator Mitt Romney received 0.3%, former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie received 0.2%, former Ohio Governor John Kasich and Hogan each received 0.1%. Trumps presence loomed large over CPAC, where 97% of attendees said they approved of him. The Saturday night, blaming President Biden for Russias invasion of Ukraine. Trump also heavily criticized Democrats and insisted a GOP comeback was on the way. [Democrats] are going to find out the hard way starting on November 8, and then again even more so in November 2024. They will find out like never before. We did it twice. We will do it again. We are going to be doing it again a third time, Trump said.DeSantis, considered a rising star by many within the party, did not mention Trump in his speech last Thursday. He also did not mention Russias invasion of Ukraine, instead focusing on his own term as governor of Florida and lambasting the media and Dr. Anthony Fauci, Mr. Bidens chief medical adviser who is often a punching bag for the right wing.They are not in the business of telling the truth, they want to spin partisan narratives, DeSantis said about the media. Theyre defending the regime in power, if you speak up, theyll defame you. They concoct a blizzard of lies, he said, adding that they would continue this going into November to protect the Brandon administration. Attendees were undecided on who would be the Democratic nominee in 2024, with 23% saying they were unsure. But surprisingly, the Democrat who got the highest number of responses from attendees was Hillary Clinton, who 22% of attendees thought would be the nominee. After Clinton, 17% thought Michelle Obama would get the nod, followed by Mr. Biden, with just 14% of attendees saying he would be the nominee. Eleven percent said Vice President Kamala Harris would be the partys pick.Ninety-nine percent of attendees said they disapproved of Mr. Biden, and 98% said they strongly disapproved of his policies. As for the greatest threat to the country, 61% said Mr. Bidens incompetence, followed by 35% who said China and 3% who said Russia. Aaron Navarro is an associate producer for the political unit at CBS News, focusing on House and gubernatorial campaigns as well as the census and redistricting. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000434_A000021	www.slashgear.com	https://www.slashgear.com/781898/the-honor-magic-4-pro-wants-the-galaxy-s22-plus-crown/	LVA	Promising to be more attainable – the Galaxy S22 to the Magic 4 Pros , as it were – the Honor Magic 4 looks, at first glance, almost identical. Unlike Samsungs strategy of differing screen sizes, it also uses a 6.81-inch panel, though here running at a lower 1224 x 2664 resolution. You still get up to 120Hz adaptive refresh, HDR10+, 100% DCI-P3 coverage, and 1,000 nits of maximum brightness, however, along with the 1920Hz PWM support. The bezels around that display are very slightly wider, though, and theres only IP54 water and dust resistance. Its slightly thinner (at 8.8mm) and lighter (at 199g) than the Magic 4 Pro, mind, and you still get the two 50-megapixel cameras on the rear. The zoom is an 8-megapixel 5x optical periscope telephoto, though, and it tops out at 50x digital zoom. Honor uses a regular laser focusing sensor, too, rather than the 8x8 dTOF sensor on the more expensive model. Honor The front has a single camera, with the 100-degree wide camera not getting a 3D depth sensor alongside it. Nonetheless, there are still 5G, dual-SIM, WiFi 6, Bluetooth 5.2, and USB Type-C, plus stereo speakers. The Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 is paired with either 8GB or 12GB of memory, and theres up to 512GB of storage. Interestingly, the Magic 4s battery is actually larger, at 4,800 mAh. The downside is that theres no wireless charging, and wired charging is limited to 66W (still, its worth noting thats faster nonetheless than what Samsungs Galaxy S22 series supports). The Honor Magic 4 will be priced from 899 euro ($1,029) while the Magic 4 Pro will be priced from 1,099 euro ($1,258) when they go on sale in Europe. US availability has not been confirmed yet. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000434_A000022	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/oppo_unveils_150w_supervooc_charger_and_battery_healing_technology-news-53360.php	LVA	Just a few days ago Oppo flagship duo, which supports the new 80W SuperVOOC. Today at its MWC presentation the company announced what comes next – an upgraded system that will nearly double the power. In a laboratory test, the upcoming 150W SuperVOOC system charged a prototype phone with a 4,500 mAh battery from 1% to 50% in just 5 minutes and got all the way to 100% in a total of 15 minutes (this was with the device powered on, but inactive and in airplane mode). For comparison, the older 65W charger needs around 40 minutes to get to 100%. The new system introduces a 150W SuperVOOC charger. Thanks to its GaN technology, the charger measures 58 x 57 x 30 mm and weighs 172g. This isn’t much larger than Oppo’s old 65W SuperVOOC adapter. This also means that the adapter has a power density of 1.51W/cmł, much higher than a typical charger. While VOOC tech is proprietary (with 1,786 patents granted and 1,604 still pending), the new charger supports the standard USB Power Delivery and PPS protocols that are used by phones, laptops and other gadgets. Size comparison: Oppos new 150W SuperVOOC charger, the old 65W charger and Apples 61W charger Anyway, the charger outputs 7.5A at 20V. Inside the phone are two battery cells, each with its own charge pump, which converts the incoming electricity to 5V/15A and feeds that into the battery. Oppo addressed concerns about battery life in two ways. The first is the Battery Health Engine, which employs a custom chip to manage the battery. In lab testing a battery retained 80% of its capacity after 1,600 complete charge cycles (double the industry average of 800 cycles). This is in part thanks to the Smart Battery Health algorithm, which constantly monitors the negative electrode to minimize the occurrence of dead lithium – lithium ions that become trapped and are unable to carry charge (losing lithium that way is what reduces the battery’s capacity). The Oppo Find X5 series already features the Battery Health Engine. The Battery Healing technology tackles another issue. The battery design that Oppo uses includes a Solid Electrolyte Interface (SEI), a durable film on the battery’s electrodes that protects them from degradation. Battery Healing here refers to a special formula for the electrolyte that continuously repairs the SEI layer while the battery is charging and discharging. This keeps the electrodes in good condition, which improves the battery’s performance and extends its lifespan. The first phone to make use of the 150W charging system will actually be a OnePlus device, coming in the April-June quarter. By the way, Realme also announced earlier today. The company revealed that it is working on improving SuperVOOC to support 200W and above charge speeds. It already has a working prototype of a 240W system - the 4,500 mAh inside charges to 100% in just 9 minutes. Let us repeat that a full battery charge takes under 10 minutes. Here is the prototype doing just that on video: The time to 50% is also mind-boggling, just 3 minutes and 30 seconds. This is achieved by extending the SuperVOOC system to send 24V/10A towards the phone and using three charge pumps to convert that to 10V/24A. This is just a demo, though, it will be a while before 240W charging appears on mass market phones (but 150W will be a reality quite soon). 
20220227_144857_pak_C000447_A000031	phys.org	https://phys.org/news/2022-02-slow-motion-section-san-andreas-fault.html	PAK	by Columbia Climate School Enlarged microscope photo of sedimentary rock that was structurally altered during an earthquake. The slip layer (green portion) was heated during fault movement. The actual field of view is only about a millimeter across. Credit: Kelly Bradbury/Utah State University Most people have heard about the San Andreas Fault. Its the 800-mile-long monster that cleaves California from south to north, as two tectonic plates slowly grind against each other, threatening to produce big earthquakes. Lesser known is the fact that the San Andreas comprises three major sections that can move independently. In all three, the plates are trying to move past each other in opposing directions, like two hands rubbing against each other. In the southern and the northern sections, the plates are locked much of the time—stuck together in a dangerous, immobile embrace. This causes stresses to build over years, decades or centuries. Finally a breaking point comes; the two sides lurch past each other violently, and there is an . However in the central section, which separates the other two, the plates slip past each other at a pleasant, steady 26 millimeters or so each year. This prevents stresses from building, and there are no big quakes. This is called aseismic creep. At least that is the story most scientists have been telling so far. Now, a study of rocks drilled from nearly 2 miles under the surface suggests that the central section has hosted many , including some that could have been fairly recent. The study, which uses new chemical-analysis methods to gage the heating of rocks during prehistoric quakes, just appeared in the online edition of the journal Geology. This means we can get larger earthquakes on the central section than we thought, said lead author Genevieve Coffey, who did the research as a graduate student at Columbia Universitys Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory. We should be aware that there is this potential, that it is not always just continuous creep. The threats of the San Andreas are legion. The northern section hosted the catastrophic 1906 San Francisco magnitude 7.9 earthquake, which killed 3,000 people and leveled much of the city. Also, the 1989 M6.9 Loma Prieta quake, which killed more than 60 and collapsed a major elevated freeway. The southern section caused the 1994 M6.7 Northridge earthquake near Los Angeles, also killing about 60 people. Many scientists believe it is building energy for a 1906-scale event. The central section, by contrast, appears harmless. Only one small area, near its southern terminus, is known to produce any real quakes. There, magnitude 6 events—not that dangerous by most standards—occur about every 20 years. Because of their regularity, scientists hoping to study clues that might signal a coming quake have set up a major observatory atop the fault near the city of Parkfield. It features a 3.2-kilometer-deep borehole from which rock cores have been retrieved, and monitoring instruments above and below ground. It was rock from near the bottom of the borehole that Coffey and her colleagues analyzed. Californias San Andreas Fault. The “creeping” central section, subject of a new study, is in yellow. Rock samples from almost 2 miles down were taken at the San Andreas Fault Observatory at Depth, or SAFOD, marked by the red star. Credit: Adapted from Coffey et al., Geology, 2022 When earthquake faults slip, friction along the moving parts can cause temperatures to spike hundreds of degrees above those of surrounding rocks. This cooks the rocks, altering the makeup of organic compounds in any sedimentary formations along the fault path. Recently, study coauthors Pratigya Polissar and Heather Savage figured out how to take advantage of these so-called biomarkers, using the altered compositions to map prehistoric earthquakes.They say that by calculating the degree of heating in the rock, they can spot past events and estimate how far the fault moved; from this, they can roughly extrapolate the sizes of resulting earthquakes. At Lamont-Doherty, they refined the method in the U.S. Northeast, Alaska, and off Japan. In the new study, the researchers found many such altered compositions in a band of highly disturbed sedimentary rock lying between 3192 and 3196 meters below the surface. In all, they say the blackish, crumbly stuff shows signs of more than 100 quakes. In most, the fault appears to have jumped more than 1.5 meters (5 feet). This would translate to at least a magnitude 6.9 quake, the size of the destructive Loma Prieta and Northridge events. But many could well have been larger, say the researchers, because their method of estimating earthquake magnitude is still evolving. They say quakes along the central section may have been similar to other large San Andreas events, including the one that destroyed San Francisco. The current official California earthquake hazard model, used to set building codes and insurance rates, does include the remote possibility of a big central-section rupture. But inclusion of this possibility, arrived at through mathematical calculations, was controversial, given the lack of evidence for any such prior event. The new study appears to be the first to indicate that such quakes have in fact occurred here. The authors say they could have originated in the central section, or perhaps more likely, started to the north or south, and migrated through the central. So, when did these quakes happen? Trenches dug by paleoseismologists across the central section have revealed no disturbed soil layers that would indicate quakes rupturing the surface in the last 2,000 years—about the limit for detection using that method in this region. But 2,000 years is an eye blink in geologic terms. And, the excavations could be missing any number of quakes that might not necessarily have ruptured the surface at specific sites. The researchers used a second new technique to address this question. The biomarkers run along very narrow bands, from microscopic to just a couple of centimeters wide. Just a few inches or feet away, the rock heats only enough to drive out some or all of the gas argon naturally present there. Conveniently for the authors, other scientists have long used the ratio of radioactive potassium to argon, into which potassium slowly decays, to measure the ages of rocks. The more argon compared to potassium, the older the rock. Thus, if some or all of the argon is driven out by quake-induced heat, the radioactive clock gets reset, and the rock appears younger than identical nearby that was not heated. This is exactly what the team found. The sediments they studied were formed tens of millions of years ago in an ancient Pacific basin that was subducted under California. Yet the ages of rocks surrounding the thin quake slip zones came out looking as young as 3.2 million years by the potassium-argon clock. This sets out a time frame, but only a vague one, because the scientists still do not know how to judge the amount of argon that was driven out, and thus how thoroughly the clock may have been reset. This means that 3.2 million years is just an upper age limit for the most recent quakes, said Coffey; in fact, some could have taken place as little as a few hundred or a few thousand years ago, she said. The group is now working on a new project to refine the age interpretations. The San Andreas Fault, on the Carrizo Plain, about 100 miles from Los Angeles. Credit: NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory Ultimately, our work points to the potential for higher magnitude earthquakes in central California and highlights the importance of including the central [San Andreas Fault] and other creeping faults in seismic hazard analysis, the authors write. William Ellsworth, a geophysicist at Stanford University who has led research at the drill site, pointed out that while a possible big quake is included in the states official hazard assessment, Most earthquake scientists think that they happen rarely, as tectonic strain is not accumulating at significant rates, if at all, along it at the present time, he said. Morgan Page, a seismologist with the U.S. Geological Survey who coauthored the hazard assessment, said the study breaks new ground. The creeping section is a difficult place to do paleoseismology, because evidence for earthquakes can be easily erased by the creep, she said. If this holds up, this is the first evidence of a big seismic rupture in this part of the fault. She said that if a big earthquake can tear through the creeping section, it means that it is possible—though chances would be remote—that one could start at the very southern tip of the San Andreas, travel through the central section and continue all the way on up to the end of the northern section—the so-called Big One that people like to speculate about. Im excited about this new evidence, and hope we can use it to better constrain this part of our model, she said. How much should this worry Californians? People should not be alarmed, said Lamont-Doherty geologist and study coauthor Stephen Cox. Building codes in California are now quite good. Seismic events are inevitable. Work like this helps us figure out what is the biggest possible event, and helps everyone prepare. More information: Genevieve L. Coffey et al, History of earthquakes along the creeping section of the San Andreas fault, California, USA, Geology (2022). Provided by Columbia Climate School Citation: A slow-motion section of the San Andreas fault may not be so harmless after all (2022, February 28) retrieved 3 June 2022 from https://phys.org/news/2022-02-slow-motion-section-san-andreas-fault.html This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only. 
20220227_144857_gbr_C000452_A000008	www.bbc.co.uk	https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-60525591	GBR	One of the things that I think is really, really clear in the report is that yes, things are bad, but actually, the future depends on us, not the climate, said Dr Helen Adams, a lead author on the report from Kings College, London. 
20220227_144857_gbr_C000452_A000023	www.independent.co.uk	https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/reviews/peaky-blinders-season-6-helen-mccrory-b2023224.html	GBR	After a decade, 30 episodes, countless grisly beatings and murders, some exact accents and some dodgy ones, endless , plenty of snazzy tailoring and some of the most severe haircuts on TV, the sixth and final series of (BBC One) is upon us. Creator has plans for a film, but as far as the small-screen is concerned, this is the finale. It’s the end of one the most distinctive, inventive and entertaining dramas in recent British history, as you may have gleaned from the blanket trailers over the past few months. The entrenched BBC can’t be expected to soft-pedal a rare thing: an international hit that enjoys genuinely popular appeal as well as critical acclaim.The Peaky aesthetic has become so familiar, at least to anyone who has been to a racecourse in the past few years, that it is easy to forget what a strange and unpromising prospect the series seemed at first. Here was a stylised epic British gangster western, set in under-loved Birmingham in the years after the First World War, with abundant violence, drink, drugs, fags and sex, set to a soundtrack of modern rock music. When they are portrayed on screen, interwar years are usually seen unfolding in stately homes, not the raggedy terraced backstreets of Small Heath, Birmingham. But this idiosyncratic style, held together by Cillian Murphy’s flawless lead performance as the antihero mob boss , is precisely what has made Peaky Blinders such fun. Thanks in part to , which syndicated it from the BBC and spread it round the world, the series has evolved from a curiosity to a phenomenon.It would be surprising if the last run doesn’t earn its victory lap, but the first episode is muted, and by Peaky standards, slow. After a glum cold open in which we learn that Tommy did not die last time and we are reminded of the threat the IRA poses to his ambitions, the action hops forwards four years. Tommy is living on Miquelon, a grey and depressing trading island off the coast of Newfoundland. He is sober: a shocking twist for a character rarely seen without a whiskey in his hand, but probably the right decision for his liver. His cousin, Michael (Finn Cole), has risen up over four series from ingenue to rival leader, and presents the main threat to his business. Michael’s wife, Gina (Anya Taylor-Joy, who has become a star courtesy of The Queen’s Gambit since the last series aired), is connected in New York. The Shelby brothers’ problem has always been biting off more than it can chew, a restlessness that has brought them riches and notoriety but at the price of teetering endlessly on the verge of disaster, and suffering terrible reversals. The murder and extortion and racketeering has been justified in the name of improving things for the family. The Shelbys do bad things for good reasons, but will it last? It would make a kind of sense if, having seen off rival gangs and Russians and police, the Peaky Blinders were ultimately undone by themselves.For its varied cast Peaky has never been a true ensemble performance, but now the other characters feel like minor moons around the strange and terrifying planet Tommy. It doesn’t help that the series’ other centre of gravity is no longer with us. If Murphy is the father of the cast, Helen McCrory was its mother. As the Shelby brothers’ aunt Polly, ferocious but haunted by tragedy, she anchored all the machismo in pathos and soul. McCrory died of cancer last April, before the Covid-delayed shoot began. This episode handles her off-screen death as elegantly and respectfully as it can, but it’s a chasm of an absence. McCrory will be missed terribly. So will Peaky Blinders. 
20220227_144857_gbr_C000459_A000014	www.bbc.co.uk	https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-60555650	GBR	She says she was told by armed guards to wait as Ukrainians had to be let through first. She watched busloads of people, whom she described as white, being allowed through the border while only a handful of Africans were selected from the queue. After waiting for many hours, she was finally allowed to cross and made her way to Warsaw to fly back to Nigeria. 
20220227_144857_eth_C000461_A000015	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/aa9caaad-c19f-4451-b13b-e514b9c284a5	ETH	Boot Café, ParisPossibly Paris’s smallest café and certainly the most charming, Boot occupies – you guessed it – an old cobbler’s on a sleepy stretch of Le Marais, and its cornflower-blue façade, original “Cordonnerie” sign and highlighter-bright stools are hard to miss. It takes its coffee very seriously, with a single barista serving espressos and Chemex pour-over brews using beans sourced from acclaimed local roastery Belleville Brűlerie. Given that this nook can only fit a handful of seats, most customers grab takeaways and mill about outside. It’s my favourite spot for a quick breather. Jamie Waters Coffee and pastries at Drop, Stockholm Drop Coffee, StockholmTucked away in the hip neighbourhood of Södermalm is Drop Coffee, an award-winning roastery and café founded in 2009. Its sustainably produced and certified organic coffee puts it at the forefront of not only Stockholm’s coffee scene but also Scandinavia’s. Go for the amazing coffee; stay for the cardamom cinnamon buns. This intimate space is the perfect spot for an afternoon fika. Cherish Rufus Roasting beans at Bonanza Coffee Roasters in Berlin Bonanza Coffee Roasters, BerlinIt used to be that Berliners would be hard-pressed to find a world-class cup of coffee in the capital. Over the past few years, however, an influx of coffee fanatics has transformed the city into a third-wave roastery haven. Leading the way is Bonanza, an “unnecessarily good” roastery sourcing beans from small farms across Africa, Indonesia and Latin America. Visitors to the Kreuzberg outpost should note the huge 1950s Probat G45 drum roaster. Some say it’s the source of the best flat whites in Berlin. Rosanna DoddsMuddy Paw Coffee (<U+200B><U+200B>Silverlake), Los AngelesThe coffee world’s Savile Row, the strip of Sunset Boulevard that runs through Silver Lake seems to have a vendor every 10 paces. If you can bear the dog theme, Muddy Paw offers a rear courtyard, a front ledge on which to sip come un italiano and a break from the ultra-bitter style of espresso that rules much of bohemian LA. Later-than-average opening hours draw a post-dinner crowd as well as the usual MacBook-wielders, and pleasing clutter distinguishes the place from its modishly spartan competitors nearby. Janan Ganesh Latte art at Cuervo Cafe’s Chacarita branch © Mikeila Borgia/Lourdes Maseda Cuervo’s outdoor seating © Mikeila Borgia/Lourdes Maseda Cuervo Café (Chacarita), Buenos AiresChildhood friends and musicians Pablo Tokatlian and Agustín Caro always dreamed of owning a coffee shop. So after selling their music equipment in 2017, they finally opened their first café, followed more recently by a speciality roaster in an old workshop in Buenos Aires’s Chacarita district. Here they carefully source and roast blends such as Cuervo’s Cumbia line, naturally fermented with a good amount of acidity and a light body: ideal for both hot- and cold-filtered preparations. Allie LazarEl Horreya, CairoSteps away from downtown Cairo’s Tahrir Square sits El Horreya, an institution that has provided a home for generations of artists, intellectuals and writers to gather and exchange ideas. “Horreya” means “freedom” in Arabic, a moniker that perfectly captures the spirit of the capital. The menu offers three choices: coffee, tea and cold local beer. +022-2392 0397 Laila Gohar Outside Ideal Caffe Stagnitta in Palermo Ideal Caffe Stagnitta, PalermoThere’s a great deal beyond the actual coffee to recommend this historic roastery. The mint location on the Discesa dei Giudici, for instance, just off the Piazza Bellini (home to three of the prettiest churches in all of Sicily); or the burnished-wood shelves still lined with old-world chocolates and sweets, the jars of single-origin beans arrayed in neat rows on the marble counters, the 19th-century brewing accoutrements arranged in glass vitrines. But the coffee itself won’t disappoint either: take a seat at one of the tables on the cobblestones and enjoy a ristretto or a macchiato from blends the Stagnitta family has been perfecting since 1928. Then take some home; they even make capsules now. Maria Shollenbarger Coffeewerk x April Zewde Estate Natural Ethiopia Espresso, €19 Coffeewerk + Press, GalwayA Galway institution on Quay Street, the city’s main thoroughfare, Coffeewerk is a calm, minimalist escape from the cacophony of Celtic knitwear shops and penny whistling. Home to a small gallery showcasing international artists, Coffeewerk sells nice books about Nordic houses and produces its own stationery range. It recently collaborated with April Coffee Roasters Copenhagen on a line of beans, and serves a cracking cappuccino too. Jo EllisonCafé Integral, New YorkBehind the quiet façade of this Nolita-based café is a roastery dedicated to Nicaragua’s stellar coffee scene. Since launching the shop in 2012, former photographer César Vega has flown the flag for his native country’s coffee across the US, with three staple blends currently available: Dulcinea (the café’s flagship espresso blend), El Emperador (notes of peaches, raisins and honey wheat) and La Esperanza (a collaboration with Nicaraguan coffee royalty, the Peralta family). Don’t miss the chocolate-covered coffee beans and pre-poured bottles of cold brew – the latter won’t go amiss in a makeshift espresso martini. RD Sitting outside at Onibus Coffee Onibus Coffee (Nakameguro), Tokyo Japan is a haven for things made with care and precision. Coffee is no exception, and even the drinks dispensed in Starbucks are a cut above what you will get in many countries. Of the countless outlets intensely dedicated to their craft, I pick Onibus Coffee, in a shack by the metro station in Nakameguro. The coffee is superb, and you can sit by the serving counter to drink it, climb the narrow stairs to a room overlooking the railway tracks, or sit on a bench in a neighbouring playground. It all adds to the taste. John GapperHave we missed your favourite?Let us know which coffee roasters you think should make the list at Forty Hands, SingaporeThese days Forty Hands has a second location on the residential east coast, and a whole plethora of bottled and packaged takeaway potables, from cold brews to honey oat lattes, but the original, opened in 2010 on Yong Siak Street in the low-rise heritage Tiong Bahru neighbourhood, remains the standard for artisanal coffee brewers. (None of which is to say you can’t get a bubble coffee if you really crave one; you’re in Singapore, after all.) The Dirty Chai – a traditional chai latte with an espresso shot thrown in – was what I lived on for four years in the Lion City. All the beans come from Singapore-based Common Man Coffee Roasters, but the artistry – crema, dosage, froth and all – is signature Forty Hands. There’s a nice Aussie-style brunch menu most days, and plenty of beans to go. MSTandem Coffee + Bakery, PortlandThe first thing you’ll notice about Tandem Coffee + Bakery is its unusual home: the café is housed in a former 1960s gas-station-turned-laundromat, complete with a sign that reads “Brakes & Shocks – our specialty”. In contrast to its exterior, however, Tandem is a thoroughly modern third-wave coffee shop, and aside from the vinyl it sells alongside its house-roasted coffee, its only retro quality is that it’s a WiFi-free zone. Not that the lack of internet deters customers: Tandem regularly draws long queues, and popular baked goods sell out early (an unsurprising feat, given its James Beard-nominated head baker). CR A barista making pour-over brews at Tim Wendelboe © Dorothee Brand The flagship Tim Wendelboe bar in Oslo’s Grünerlokka neighbourhood © Dorothee Brand Tim Wendelboe, OsloIt’s no coincidence that Tim Wendelboe has been dubbed the René Redzepi of coffee: over the past 20 years, the Norwegian roaster and former World Barista champion has brought a haute-cuisine-like meticulousness to his craft, championing farm-to-cup supply chains and pioneering the lighter, slightly acidic style of Scandinavian roasts. For the full experience, head to his flagship espresso bar, a slick sliver of raw bricks and chocolate-panelled wood tucked into a quiet pocket of Oslo’s Grünerlokka neighbourhood. Order the “coffee tasting for two”, a smorgasbord of four Aeropress-style filter brews highlighting different beans. Or, if the weather’s warm, try their signature Cappuccino Al Freddo, a frothy iced number whipped up in a milkshake maker. A three-Michelin-starred café if ever there was one. JW The SoMa branch of Sightglass coffee has a roastery and training lab along with the coffee bar © Michael O’Neal Sightglass Coffee (SoMa District), San FranciscoIt was the viewing window on a vintage Probat coffee roaster that inspired the name of brothers Jerad and Justin Morrison’s California-based coffee company. Just as that window gave them a clear line of sight into their machine’s roasting process, the Morrisons have built a business based on trust and transparency – from the seasonal beans, directly sourced from origin in freshly harvested lots, to its small-batch production methods. Along with a coffee bar, Sightglass’s SoMa branch is home to a roastery, training lab and headquarters; adventurous guests should try the iced coffee cascara shrub, a drink made from the cherry-like fruit surrounding the coffee bean and sparkling water. RDParamount Coffee Project, SydneyThe inner-city district of Surry Hills has an embarrassment of great cafés, but there’s no better spot for whiling away the day than Paramount. Occupying the foyer of a heritage-listed building formerly home to Paramount Pictures (there’s a working cinema downstairs), this high-ceilinged space has a variety of seating options: morning commuters sip espressos at a communal subway-tiled bar; brunchers munch at low tables; and I’ve lost many a morning sat at one of the light-flooded windows. The coffee, made with an ever-changing roster of beans from around the world, is excellent, and its food menu is also a standout: think twists on Aussie breakfast classics like smashed avo topped with an “everything bagel” crumb and granola spiked with pistachios, kiwi and puffed rice. JW Rosetta Roastery in Cape Town Rosetta Roastery (Bree Street), Cape TownBased on Cape Town’s popular culinary strip Bree Street, this award-winning roastery’s newly opened coffee shop features green marble tiling, dark wooden benches and timber floors. Take in the atmosphere while sipping on a Kyoto-style cold brew (prepared for more than four hours in a Japanese ice dripper) or choose from two rotating varieties of single-origin coffees (both seasonally sourced from across South and Central America, Africa and Asia). Finish with one of the homemade baked treats, including sticky cinnamon buns, miso caramel loaf cake and canelés de Bordeaux. Sara Semic FT staff favourite Rosslyn café Rosslyn (Queen Victoria St), LondonJames Hennebry and Mat Russell founded Rosslyn in 2018 in a corner of London’s financial district. Inspired by the legendary standards of Australia’s coffee scene, the shop aims to spotlight the world’s best producers – all with the warmth of a local Irish pub. As such, a trip to Rosslyn is as much about the coffee as it is the friendly service, although the thoughtful house blends, rotating guest roasters and (not so) secret list of off-menu drinks are enough to satisfy any coffee snob. A new outpost is scheduled for this spring – the third after a second Moorgate location – but Rosslyn’s original branch remains the fan favourite (possibly owing to its proximity to the FT’s London offices). RDAma Cafe, DelhiNestled in the alleys of Delhi’s Little Tibet – so named for its Buddhist temples, Himalayan restaurants and population of Tibetan refugees – Ama Cafe makes for a delightful surprise. While the menu gives a few nods to the neighbourhood’s heritage with a handful of Tibetan dishes, it mostly focuses on brunch classics. The chic aesthetic makes it a favourite with Instagrammers, who diligently document their cappuccinos and squat, sugar-dusted pancakes. Ama is a rare and welcome find in India’s capital. +9192891-08826 Benjamin Parkin Bowen Holden, left, and Pip Heath, owners of Patricia, Melbourne Patricia in Melbourne sells its coffee blends to take home Patricia, MelbourneFans have flocked to Bowen Holden and Pip Heath’s coffee shop for more than a decade, lured in by its ethical beans, house-made blends and no-nonsense “standing room”. In a city that takes coffee more seriously than most, Patricia’s success is based on simplicity. Most of the drinks served are based around its seasonally adjusted espresso blend (currently a mix of Colombia’s San Vicente and Ethiopia’s Nensebo), but there’s also a filter option and a rotating guest roast. RD Colo Coffe in Bogotá Colo Coffee Usaquen, BogotáA sprawling, multi-tiered café dotted with plants and tree trunks, Colo Coffee is an oasis of calm in the heart of Bogotá’s Usaquén neighbourhood. Here you can enjoy coffee roasted on-site in the café’s solar-powered roaster, with traditional snacks such as cheese-stuffed arepas and espresso martinis come sunfall. Beans are divided into three categories – Diversos (regionally diverse coffee varieties), Ancestros (traditional varieties that have been harvested for centuries) and Contemporaneos (beans with unconventional cultivation and fermentation processes) – each aiming to showcase Colombia’s best beans and support local growers. A portion of sales from its coffee bags and cold brew is donated to World Bicycle Relief, which provides bikes to citizens of rural developing countries. SSDizengoff, AucklandKiwis are, above all, no-nonsense types. The success of Dizengoff likely results from the same fundamental quality: it’s been around, on the Ponsonby Road – the undisputed brunch capital of New Zealand – for decades, and has never been divested of its primacy, though trends and more fashionable places have come and gone. It’s named for the famous Tel Aviv avenue, and the food is Israeli-inflected and delicious – if you’re not getting your long black to go, order yourself the pork-free eggs benedict with parsley pesto. What you come for, though, is the faultless coffee, still made in the old-school La Marzocco machine that’s been there for yonks, and still bracingly strong. MS Outside seating at family-owned Spill The Bean Everything at Spill The Bean is homemade, including its almond milk Spill the Bean, DubaiEven the almond milk at this family-owned café is homemade. Part of Dubai’s Sustainable City (the emirate’s first net-zero energy development), Spill the Bean serves up specialty single-origin coffees, plant-based treats and a raft of nutritious, delicious meals. Take your coffee with one of their signature raw brownies, a blend of nuts and cocoa that, according to the menu, is “actually good for you”. Rasha Kahil Inside Me Kolonaki in Athens Me Kolonaki, AthensFor decades, the only coffee Greeks would order was a frappé. Before that it was an ellinikos (or tourkiko, as some still call it), which some claim can tell your fortune when turned upside down. While you’ll still find those classics at Me Kolonaki, the menu also has all the offerings of a café from London or New York, and you can enjoy a nouveau Greek cuisine version of gluten- and dairy-free breakfast options too. Just don’t expect anyone to predict the future out of an oat macchiato. Isabelle Kountoure A pour-over brew at Mistral Mistral coffee, PalmaFor the best brews in Palma, cross a sun-drenched plaza in the heart of the old town and enter a limestone-lined archway: this is the entrance to the new two-storey café from beloved local roastery Mistral. Founders Agata Mikulska and Greg Schuler have paid careful attention to the design with terrazzo tables, timber accents and succulents galore. The coffee, made from beans roasted upstairs, is excellent, whether you’re after a café con leche, a daily changing filter drink or a thirst-quenching espresso with tonic. There are also lots of tasty things on sourdough, including burrata with truffle oil and locally grown Ramallet tomatoes. JW Kalei Coffee Co (Hamra), BeirutFor Dalia Jaffal and André Fadel, “coffee is more than a caffeinated drink, it’s an identity”, and the mere smell of roasted beans conjures memories of blissful mornings spent on their grandmothers’ balconies. It’s this nostalgia – alongside the fact that, aside from traditional Lebanese coffee, the duo had failed to find a perfect cup in Beirut – that led to the launch of Kalei Coffee in 2016, followed by a second branch three years later. The latter serves their fairtrade green coffee in a 19th-century heritage Lebanese house, just five minutes’ walk from the Corniche. Gilles Khoury Occam Deli, MunichA perfect day in Munich always includes a stroll through its English Garden, one of the world’s largest urban public parks. Occam Deli, located right in the park’s neighbouring Schwabing district, is a near-perfect spot for a coffee. The café is a great place to brunch, not just because they know how to make a proper cappuccino – even with dairy alternatives – but also the wealth of breakfast offerings. Don’t be fooled: the homemade cakes are sinful. Isabelle KountourePartisan Café Artisanal, ParisJust as Parisians were starting to complain about the quality of their daily coffee, brothers Georges and Anthony Karam opened Partisan Café Artisanal in the historical Arts et Métiers district. Having grown up with Lebanon’s renowned coffee culture, the brothers wanted to create a space where coffees could be savoured as if they were wines (Anthony has 15 years’ experience in the drinks industry). The resulting café and roasting atelier serves coffee under two major styles: the new wave approach, which calls for lightly roasting arabica beans to enhance sweetness, fruitiness and vivacity; and the Italian approach, a darker roast coffee best suited for espresso. The banana bread is also worth a visit. GK Ditta Artigianale in Florence Ditta Artigianale (Via dei Neri), FlorenceYou wouldn’t have ever said you couldn’t get a good coffee in Florence (heaven forbid; it’s Italy, after all). But when Francesco Sanapo opened Ditta Artigianale in the Via dei Neri in 2013, the proposition was a new one – an Italian coffee roaster with an international vision – and the game was subtly changed. What did it mean? Telling the coffee story in a new way, one that included free trade, single-origin beans and micro-lots, community stories and international brewing styles. Translation: while the cappuccino is unassailable, so is the flat white. Likewise, the cornetto and the avocado toast. Pro tip: the second, Via dello Sprone location moonlights as an excellent cocktail venue when evening descends. MSAbraço, New YorkLocated in New York’s East Village, Abraço is run by husband-and-wife team Liz Quijada and Jamie McCormick, who roast their own coffee and make all baked goods in-house. The shop on 7th Street has a clubhouse-like feel, attracting an eclectic group of regulars who come for the olive oil cake, cortados and familial neighbourhood feel. At Abraço everyone is made to feel like a New Yorker – dogs and children included. LGBean in Killarney, KillarneySet in a bright yellow shop near the shores of Lough Leane, Bean in Killarney is a family-run business at the forefront of Ireland’s coffee scene. Among its favourite offerings is An Fear Marbh (The Dead Man), a caramel-inflected blend named after the Dingle Peninsula landmark. Ashe’s Annascaul pork and black pudding sausage rolls complete the County Kerry experience. RD 
20220227_144857_can_C000464_A000011	www.cbc.ca	https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/russia-ruble-banks-economy-swift-1.6366830	CAN	The Russian ruble plunged to its lowest level on record on Monday after Western nations moved in unison to try to freeze the country out of the global financial system and sell off Russian investments in condemnation of Putins decision to invade Ukraine.The invasion has caused volatility in the global economy, especially the energy sector, but developments on Monday by financial powers around the world are an attempt to direct that uncertainty squarely on the Russian economy itself.The ruble had plunged more than 30 per cent after the , which provides a secure messaging system to facilitate cross-border money transfers.Among other things, the sanctions by Western nations are meant to crimp the Russian central banks access to over $600 billion US in reserves and hinder its ability to support the ruble.Banks attempt to cut Russia offCentral banks around the world are effectively cutting Russia off from its coffers outside the country, and retail banks in North America and Europe are following suit by halting business with them.The Canadian government that Canadian financial institutions are now prohibited from engaging in any transaction with the Russian central bank. If the Russian central banks assets are frozen and banks refuse to make deals with them, the central banks ability to prop up the value of the ruble by buying it up is significantly limited.A Russian ruble coin is pictured in front of St. Basil cathedral in central Moscow in 2014. The ruble sank more than 30 per cent against the U.S. dollar early Monday. (AFP/Getty Images)The Russian central bank raised its key rate to 20 per cent from 9.5 per cent in a desperate attempt to shore up the plummeting ruble and prevent a run on banks. But the move didnt work, as the ruble fell as low as 119 to the U.S. dollar at one point on Monday morning.Thats down by about a third from where it was a week ago, and more than three times lower than what it was worth in 2014, before Russias incursion into Crimea.Sovereign wealth funds, including those of Norway and Australia, have announced plans to sell their Russian investments. The Canada Pension Plan has not had any direct investment in Russia since 2014, a spokesperson told CBC News.WATCH | Tour a familys basement bunker in besieged Kharkiv:Kharkiv resident gives a tour of basement bunkerBogdan Pavlenko, a resident of the besieged Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, injects some levity into a dark time with a spirited tour of the bunker where he has been forced to take shelter.BP, Shell sell off interestsBritish oil giant BP announced over the weekend that it would stake in Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft. The move is expected to cost the British oil giant as much as $25 billion, but CEO Bernard Looney said the shocking invasion has caused us to fundamentally rethink BPs position with Rosneft. I am convinced that the decisions we have taken as a board are not only the right thing to do, but are also in the long-term interests of BP.Later in the day, oil giant , selling off interests in LNG facilities and extricating itself from any involvement in the proposed Nord Stream 2 pipeline to bring Russian gas to Germany.Even Switzerland, famous for its neutrality and banking secrecy laws, is participating in freezing Russia out of the global banking system.With the end goal defined as destroying the brutal killer Vladimir Putin through internal collapse and dissension by creating a critical mass of internal opposition, the targeted means to achieve this end kicked into higher gear over the weekend, Scotiabank economist Derek Holt said of the moves.There is now a roughly 50 per cent chance that Russia will soon default on its debts as a result of the measures taken, he said.They can still do more, but the biggest remaining options are likely ones — like thwarting the supply of Russian energy — that could take years, Holt said.An explosion at an oil depot reportedly hit by shelling close to the military airbase in Vasylkiv near Kyiv lit up the night sky early Sunday and continued to smoulder during the day. (Maksim Levin/Reuters)Worries over inflationA weaker ruble is expected to cause inflation to surge, potentially angering Russians whose budgets will be stretched by soaring prices. It will also add to strains across Russias financial systems.At the moment, the ruble is in a state close to free fall, Alex Kuptsikevich of FxPro said in a report. At some point in the coming days, we will see the limit of the fall of the ruble, from where it will begin its slow and difficult recovery. But it is hardly possible to pinpoint.Russian stocks were hit hard, with the main index on the Moscow Stock Exchange halting trading once automatic loss levels were hit. The central bank announced the stock market wont even open on Tuesday.Shares in Russian bank Sberbank that list in London lost 70 per cent of their value, while shares in Gazprom lost more than a third.A man walks past a currency exchange office in central Moscow on Monday. (Alexander Nemenov/AFP/Getty Images)West accepting a bit of economic painIts all about the Russia-Ukraine situation, and evolutions in that situation will drive market sentiment and direction, Jeffrey Halley of Oanda said in a commentary.President Putin will now have to accept that the Western powers are prepared to accept quite a bit of economic pain now to punish Russia.But the Ukraine conflict has heaped uncertainty atop other worries over interest rates and inflation.The U.S. Federal Reserve has suggested it will raise short-term interest rates next month by double its usual increase, the first rate increase since 2018. Canada is also expected to raise its benchmark interest rate on Wednesday, as planned.PHOTOS | Russias invasion has caused an exodus of at least 500,000 people so far: 
20220227_144857_can_C000464_A000012	www.cp24.com	https://www.cp24.com/world/russia-closes-airspace-to-36-nations-including-canada-1.5798803	CAN	MOSCOW — Russia has closed its airspace to carriers from 36 nations, including European countries and Canada, responding in kind to their move to close their respective airspaces to all Russian aircraft. The move, announced Monday by the state aviation agency, follows a decision by the EU and Canada over the weekend to close their skies to the Russian planes in response to Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. It added that planes from those countries could only enter Russia’s airspace with special permission. 
20220227_144857_phl_C000465_A000017	businessmirror.com.ph	https://businessmirror.com.ph/2022/02/28/smic-2021-income-surges65-on-spending-rebound/	PHL	SM Investments Corp. (SMIC), the holding firm of the Sy family, on Monday said its income rose 65 percent last year to P38.5 billion from the previous P23.4 billion, mainly as a result of its strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2021. Consolidated revenues grew 9 percent to P428.1 billion from the previous P394.2 billion, the company said. “We saw a rebound in consumer spending in the run up to Christmas as restrictions across the country eased. This led to improved performance in our retail and mall units as our banks continued to deliver solid results,” SMIC President and CEO Frederic C. DyBuncio said. “It is our hope that the further easing of restrictions after the latest surge in Covid cases will lead to sustained recovery of the economy and our businesses as the country adjusts to living with the virus. We are committed to continue our expansion plans,” DyBuncio said. Banking contributed 51 percent of its net income; property, 25 percent; retail, 17 percent; and portfolio investments, 7 percent. “We believe our portfolio investments have strong assets, synergies with our core businesses and enormous long-term growth potential,” DyBuncio said. Among its portfolio investments, SMIC increased its ownership in Goldilocks Bakeshop Inc. to 74 percent and 2GO Group Inc. to 53 percent in 2021. SM Retail Inc., which consists of food and non-food stores, reported revenues at P303.9 billion up by a mere 2 percent from the previous P296.8 billion. Net income, however, grew more than double to P9.6 billion from P4.1 billion, mainly as a result of the growth in sales of its department and specialty stores. Despite the challenges of the pandemic, the company continued to expand its retail footprint. Its department store opened two new stores in Caloocan and Camarines Norte last year. The food group, which includes SM Markets—supermarket, hypermarket and Savemore–Alfamart and WalterMart added 219 new stores last year. By the end of the year, SM Retail added 294 new stores across the entire portfolio for a total of 3,215 outlets, consisting of 68 department tores, 1,539 specialty retail stores, 62 supermarkets, 52 hypermarkets, 214 Savemore, 73 WalterMart and 1,207 Alfamart stores. Shopping mall operator SM Prime Holdings Inc.’s consolidated net income grew by 21 percent to P21.8 billion in 2021 from P18 billion in the previous year, despite reporting flat revenues growth. Lender BDO Unibank Inc. recorded a net income of P42.8 billion in 2021, an increase of more than 50 percent from the previous P28.2 billion. China Banking Corp. posted a 25-percent increase in net income to P15.1 billion from last year’s P12.07 billion. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000473_A000024	www.thelondoneconomic.com	https://www.thelondoneconomic.com/lifestyle/horoscopes/lucky-numbers-and-horoscopes-for-today-28-february-2022-313498/	ZAF	These are uncertain times, but if you want to find out what your future has in store keep up to date with our daily horoscope forecasts and astrology readings.TODAY’S MOTIVATIONAL QUOTE: I claim to be no more than an average man with less than average abilities. I have not the shadow of a doubt that any man or woman can achieve what I have, if he or she would make the same effort and cultivate the same hope and faith. — Mahatma GandhiTODAY’S WISDOM FROM AROUND THE WORLD: With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. — Chinese ProverbTODAY’S CHINESE PROVERB: Fight only when you can win; move away when you cannot.FOR THOSE OF US BORN ON THIS DAY: Happy birthday! The months ahead will begin with a period of consolidation where you will find yourself attending to all those loose ends in your life, whether they relate to emotional relationships, home affairs or work related projects. As spring turns to summer, so your thoughts will turn to love and one relationship in particular will begin to blossom in ways that you had not expected. August may see some financial setbacks, but don’t dwell on this since they will only be short lived. In the fall you will receive a boost to a cherished ambition although a lot of effort on your part will be required if you are going to turn a dream into a reality. Towards the end of the year family will be increasingly important in your life. There are definite signs that a long term rift may be on the verge of being healed at this time.ARIES DAILY HOROSCOPE | Mar 21 – Apr 19Don’t despair if things look a little bleak this morning. There really is nothing going on that you can’t deal with relatively easily. What’s more there is someone in your social group who is very well placed to give you some good advice. They will be more than happy to help you out!Today’s Numbers: 3, 5, 17, 24, 32, 46TAURUS DAILY HOROSCOPE | Apr 20 – May 20You have been feeling more than a little frustrated lately as you have not been able to make any progress on a personal project of great importance to you. All that will change today as you find that you are full of inspiration, the only problem now is to find enough time to do everything!Today’s Numbers: 1, 17, 21, 30, 36, 45GEMINI DAILY HOROSCOPE | May 21 – Jun 20It can sometimes to be too easy to rest on our laurels when everything is going well in our lives. Right now you need to find the motivation to give yourself that extra push in order to achieve to your true potential. A friend may seem to be nagging, but you also know that they are right!Today’s Numbers: 2, 9, 14, 23, 38, 47CANCER DAILY HOROSCOPE | Jun 21 – Jul 22This morning may be full of minor frustrations, especially related to anything electrical. You may be unable to get at your emails or the car may refuse to start. However, don’t let these little irritations get you down because the afternoon is bringing you some good news that will make you smile!Today’s Numbers: 7, 12, 20, 29, 33, 45LEO DAILY HOROSCOPE | Jul 23 – Aug 22Sometimes in life we have to accept that one chapter in our lives has come to a close, However, this is no cause for upset because that also means that a whole new chapter is about to open. You are in a wonderful position right because the time is right for you to make a fresh start in a key area of your life!Today’s Numbers: 5, 13, 27, 33, 38, 42VIRGO DAILY HOROSCOPE | Aug 23 – Sep 22Don’t read too much into a chance event this morning. It is likely to be a situation that is associated with financial gain in some way and you may be tempted to see it as deeply significant in terms of a relationship. Enjoy the good luck but remember it is no more than a happy coincidence!Today’s Numbers: 9, 16, 21, 30, 42, 47LIBRA DAILY HOROSCOPE | Sep 23 – Oct 22If things have been more than a little than hectic lately and you have been yearning for a chance to recharge your batteries then you can afford to smile today. Shifts in the planets are bringing you a much needed period of relaxation. Sit back, open up a good book and take things easy!Today’s Numbers: 3, 5, 14, 26, 38, 43SCORPIO DAILY HOROSCOPE | Oct 23 – Nov 21Stop fighting with someone close to you just because you can’t see eye to eye on one simple issue. Life is too short to let something this trivial get in the way of what is otherwise a harmonious relationship. A family member will help you see things in a more constructive manner!Today’s Numbers: 7, 12, 24, 29, 36, 40SAGITTARIUS DAILY HOROSCOPE | Nov 22 – Dec 21As a typical Sagittarian you have a love of excitement and so today should be a day to remember! There will be lots of opportunities for you to compete with others and what is more, there are definite planetary signs that Lady Luck will be on your side. Get out there and enjoy yourself!Today’s Numbers: 5, 11, 13, 29, 33, 47CAPRICORN DAILY HOROSCOPE | Dec 22 – Jan 19You have been working far too hard lately and you need to take a well earned break. Listen to the advice of family members who are also telling you that it’s time for you to slow down a little. If you take heed there will be plenty of fun to be had throughout the day!Today’s Numbers: 8, 12, 16, 20, 34, 43AQUARIUS DAILY HOROSCOPE | Jan 20 – Feb 18A relationship that may have seemed to be in trouble lately can get right back on track today, much to your relief. All you need to do is initiate a conversation that allows the key issues to be given a proper airing. You will be surprised at how easily matters can be resolved!Today’s Numbers: 6, 13, 27, 31, 36, 40PISCES DAILY HOROSCOPE | Feb 19 – Mar 20There are a number of harmonious influences around you right now that are fun-inducing to say the least. You are likely to be in a supremely lively mood today and this will encourage friends to have fun with you. Someone important in your life will provide unasked for support this evening!Today’s Numbers: 8, 11, 20, 32, 40, 47CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY:Famous people born on your birthday include: Bernadette Peters, Mario Andretti, Gavin MacLeod, Elisa Fiorillo, Eric Lindros, Gilbert GottfriedCELEBRITY GOSSIP: It looks as though Idris Elba is going to get married again, despite his insistence to the contrary. Unfortunately, the planets tell us, that while his romantic luck may be changing, his acting career looks likely to continue to falter and stagnate!Horoscope content supplied under license.The feature and content may not be reproduced or distributed electronically, in print or otherwise. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000473_A000037	www.medscape.com	https://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/969282	ZAF	The BA.2 subvariant of the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant is substantially more transmissible than BA.1, but a preliminary analysis has found no evidence that it is linked to a greater risk of people being hospitalised than its predecessor. BA.2 differs from BA.1 in its genetic sequence, including some amino acid differences in the spike protein and other proteins. The latest based on community testing showed that BA.2 has outcompeted BA.1 in England. The proportion of BA.2 cases accounted for 52.3% of Omicron infections in England in the 7 days to February 20, up from 18.7% on February 6, The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said in a . Cases of the BA.2 variant continued to grow faster than BA.1 in all English regions, with the highest proportion in London (63%), and the lowest in the North East (33%). Vaccine Effectiveness The analysis found no indication that vaccine effectiveness against symptomatic disease from BA.2 [B.1.1.529.BA] was reduced compared to BA.1 [B.1.1.529]. Two weeks after a third, or booster dose, vaccine effectiveness against the BA.2 variant was 67%, the Agency said. The briefing also included reports on BA.2 by technical group members. A laboratory assessment by the University of Oxford suggested that ACE2 binding was increased for the BA.2 receptor-binding domain compared with BA.1, while preliminary experiments with hamsters by Imperial College London reported mild disease, similar to those infected with BA.1. Amongst patients admitted to an intensive care unit or high dependency unit with SARS-CoV-2, and with a valid sequencing result, the proportion of cases of Omicron increased from 12% in the week commencing December 15, 2021, to 100% in the week commencing February 16, 2022. The risk of admission to these hospital units was found to be significantly lower for Omicron than for Delta. Re-infections Similar findings have been reported in South Africa. Last week, Dr John Nkengasong, head of the Africa Centre for Disease Control & Prevention, said of the BA.2 variant: South Africa is reporting that it is more transmissible than the BA.1 variant, but interestingly and very encouragingly the severity seems to be the same. Also, last week, the World Health Organisation suggested that . That was also the finding of a recent Danish-led which found that Omicron BA.2 reinfections do occur shortly after BA.1 infections but were rare, and occurred mostly in unvaccinated individuals under the age of 30. The study, posted on the Medrxiv website, also found that reinfections were characterised by overall mild symptoms, comparable with those of the initial infection. 
20220227_144857_tza_C000474_A000034	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/nasa-goes-t-weather-satellite-atlas-v-rocket-rollout	TZA	A United Launch Alliance carrying an advanced new weather satellite for the United States rolled out to its launch pad today (Feb. 28), and you can watch a video replay from its morning trip. The Atlas V rocket carried the for NASA and the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to its pad at Space Launch Complex 41 of Floridas Cape Canaveral Space Force Station for a planned launch on Tuesday (March 1). Liftoff is set for 4:38 p.m. EST (2138 GMT). You can watch the rocket rollout in the video replay above, courtesy of the NASA Edge program, or directly from . Video: Related: GOES-T will help meteorologists observe and predict local weather events, including thunderstorms, tornadoes, fog, hurricanes, flash floods and other severe weather, NASA officials . NASA will provide a live webcast of the GOES-T launch on Tuesday starting at 4 p.m. EST (2100 GMT). Editors note: This story was updated at 5 p.m. EST on Feb. 28 with news that rollout had finished.Email Tariq Malik at or follow him . Follow us , and . to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: 
20220227_144857_irl_C000482_A000031	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220228095503.htm	IRL	The almost 11 cm high figurine from Willendorf is one of the most important examples of early art in Europe. It is made of a rock called oolite which is not found in or around Willendorf. A research team led by the anthropologist Gerhard Weber from the University of Vienna and the two geologists Alexander Lukeneder and Mathias Harzhauser as well as the prehistorian Walpurga Antl-Weiser from the Natural History Museum Vienna have now found out with the help of high-resolution tomographic images that the material from which the Venus was carved likely comes from northern Italy. This sheds new light on the remarkable mobility of the first modern humans south and north of the Alps. The results currently appear in Scientific Reports. The Venus von Willendorf is not only special in terms of its design, but also in terms of its material. While other Venus figures are usually made of ivory or bone, sometimes also of different stones, oolite was used for the Lower Austrian Venus, which is unique for such cult objects. The figurine found in the Wachau in 1908 and on display in the Natural History Museum in Vienna has so far only been examined from the outside. Now, more than a 100 years later, anthropologist Gerhard Weber from the University of Vienna has used a new method to examine its interior: micro-computed tomography. During several passes, the scientists obtained images with a resolution of up to 11.5 micrometres -- a quality that is otherwise only seen under a microscope. The first insight gained is: Venus does not look uniform at all on the inside. A special property that could be used to determine its origin, says the anthropologist. Along with the two geologists Alexander Lukeneder and Mathias Harzhauser from the Natural History Museum in Vienna, who had previously worked with oolites, the team procured comparative samples from Austria and Europe and evaluated them. A complex project: Rock samples from France to eastern Ukraine, from Germany to Sicily were obtained, sawn up and examined under a microscope. The team was supported by the state of Lower Austria, which provided funds for the time-consuming analyses. The inside also gives information about the outside The tomographic data from the Venus showed that the sediments were deposited in the rocks in different densities and sizes. In between there were also small remnants of shells and six very dense, larger grains, so-called limonites. The latter explains the previously mysterious hemispherical cavities on the surface of Venus with the same diameter: The hard limonites probably broke out when the creator of the Venus was carving it, explains Weber: In the case of the Venus navel, he then apparently made it a virtue out of necessity. Another finding: The Venus oolite is porous because the cores of the millions of globules (ooides) of which it is comprised had dissolved. This is a great explanation for why the resourceful sculptor chose this material 30,000 years ago: It is much easier to work with. The scientists also identified a tiny shell remnant, just 2.5 millimetres long, and dated it to the Jurassic period. This ruled out all other potential deposits of the rock from the much later Miocene geological era, such as those in the nearby Vienna Basin. A long way for that time The research team also analysed the grain sizes of the other samples. Hundreds, sometimes even thousands of grains were marked and measured with image processing programs or even manually. None of the samples within a 200-kilometer radius of Willendorf even remotely matched. The analysis finally showed that the samples from the Venus were statistically indistinguishable from samples from a location in northern Italy near Lake Garda. This is remarkable because it means that the Venus (or at least its material) started a journey from south of the Alps to the Danube north of the Alps. People in the Gravettian -- the tool culture of the time -- looked for and inhabited favourable locations. When the climate or the prey situation changed, they moved on, preferably along rivers, explains Gerhard Weber. Such a journey could have taken generations. One of the two possible routes from the south to the north would lead around the Alps and into the Pannonian Plain and was described in simulations by other researchers a few years ago. The other way to get from Lake Garda to the Wachau would be via the Alps. Whether this was possible more than 30,000 years ago is unclear due to the climate deterioration that began at that time. This would be a rather improbable variant if there had already been continuous glaciers at that time. However, the 730 km long path along the Etsch, the Inn and the Danube had always been below 1,000 meters above sea level, with the exception of 35 kilometres at Lake Reschen. Possible, but less likely, connection to eastern Ukraine The statistics clearly point to northern Italy as the origin of the Venus oolite. Nevertheless, there is another interesting place for the origin of the rock. It is in eastern Ukraine, more than 1,600 kilometres linear distance from Willendorf. The samples there do not fit as clearly as those from Italy, but better than all the rest of the sample. An interesting connection here: Venus figures were found in nearby southern Russia, which are somewhat younger, but look very similar to the Venus found in Austria. Genetic results also show that people in Central and Eastern Europe were connected to one another at this time. The exciting story of the Lower Austrian Venus could be continued. Only a few systematic studies have so far dealt with the existence of early humans in this time frame in the Alpine region, and with their mobility. The famous Ötzi, for example, only comes into play much later, namely 5,300 years ago. We want to use these Venus results and our new Vienna research network Human Evolution and Archaeological Sciences, in cooperation with anthropology, archaeology and other disciplines, to further clarify early history in the Alpine region, concludes Weber. 
20220227_144857_irl_C000482_A000032	www.livescience.com	https://www.livescience.com/rare-roman-gold-coin-hungary	IRL	Excavators in Hungary have discovered a very rare gold Roman coin that features the face of a murdered Roman emperor.The third-century coin depicts Emperor Volusianus, who co-ruled the for about two years with his father, until the emperor was assassinated at age 22 by his own soldiers. Because of Volusianus short reign, coins bearing his face are rare. Whats more, the coins denomination is rare, as is finding coins from the Roman period in Hungary, said Máté Varga, an archaeologist at the University of Szeged in Hungary and head of the excavation.Despite their luck in finding this rare treasure, however, the excavators have no idea who owned the currency. But because it was the only gold coin unearthed at the site, it is likely a stray that someone lost, Varga told Live Science in an email. It must have been a great loss for the former owner to lose this valuable coin.Related: The coin was unearthed by a museologist of the Rippl-Rónai Museum in Kaposvár, along with museum volunteers in early 2022. The group was excavating a Roman settlement in Somogy County in southwestern Hungary, but Varga declined to elaborate on the sites whereabouts.The exact location of the site is being kept secret for the time being, as the archaeological site is being investigated, he said. Illegal metal detectors are a big problem in Hungary, so we cannot reveal the location for the time being.A glass fibula, or brooch, found at the same site as the Roman coin. (Image credit: Máté Varga )The excavators found the 0.2-ounce (5.6 grams) gold coin — known as an aureus — during a metal detector survey of the site, Varga noted. The coin was minted during the rule of Volusianus, or between A.D. 251 and 253.One side of the coin features a portrait of the bearded emperor with a crown of rays on his head, while the other side depicts Libertas, the personification of freedom, Varga said. This coin wasnt small change, either. The denomination of the coin is not an ordinary aureus, but a rare binio, i.e. a double aureus, Marjanko Pilekic, a numismatist and research assistant at the Coin Cabinet of the Schloss Friedenstein Gotha Foundation in Germany who wasnt involved with the new coins discovery, told Live Science in an email. Binio coins were first minted in the Roman Empire in the first century B.C. This nominal appeared only at the beginning of the third century A.D. … then quickly disappeared again, Pilekic said.The discovery of the coin is wonderful and exciting, Pilekic said. Judging by the photo, the condition of the coin is terrific.Archaeological work at the Roman site is ongoing. Based on recovered artifacts, including this coin, it appears that the settlement existed in the third and fourth centuries, when this region was a part of the Roman province of Pannonia Superior, Varga said. Other uncovered artifacts include Roman and bronze coins (including one of the third-century emperor Probus), a bronze key, a silver ring with inscriptions and a glass brooch.The coin is now a part of the Numismatic Collection at the Rippl-Rónai Museum, which previously had only one Roman gold coin, Levente Ábrahám, director of the museum, said in a statement.Originally published on Live Science. 
20220227_144857_nam_C000484_A000007	allafrica.com	https://allafrica.com/stories/202202280623.html	NAM	A new anticipated engine of growth for the domestic economy is anticipated to revive Kunene after the region was recognised for its potential to host the countrys green hydrogen hub. This is as government last week received N$680 million from Germany to kick start Namibias green hydrogen aspirations. The funds are earmarked for three categories, namely N$85 million to fund the green hydrogen strategy and further studies to unlock economic potential, N$520 million will go towards a pilot programme for two hydrogen related operations in Namibia; and lastly was an N$85 million scholarship programme which can fund at least 200 students over the next five years. We determined from research that the Kunene region has really good wind and solar potential near the skeleton coast, so we look forward to unlocking this potential, said James Mnyupe, presidential economic advisor and green hydrogen commissioner. Mnyupe shared these sentiments last week during the Namibian and Germany green hydrogen project launch. According to the 2021 Multidimensional Poverty Index released by the Namibia Statistics Agency, which provided a lucid indication of the geographical areas hardest hit by poverty, the Kunene stood out with the highest poverty rate at 64.1%. This is in part attributed to a devastating drought that decimated livelihoods, many of whom were dependent on livestock farming. The Kunene regions potential could be unlocked and massive contribution will be made to its economy through job creation and others as they are considered as one of the inactive contributors currently, but things are about to change, Mnyupe explained. Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox Success! Almost finished...We need to confirm your email address.To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you. Error! There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later. At the same occasion, Germanys green hydrogen innovation commissioner, Stefan Kaufmann, said green hydrogen is a game changer and has the chance to become the oil and gas of the future. With its gigantic potential for wind and solar energy, Namibia is an excellent starting position. The country can become a global player in green hydrogen production. This makes it an attractive partner for many countries, said Kaufmann. Furthermore, higher education minister Itah Kandjii-Murangi said the scholarships will advance Namibias skills for a range of different interests to support the green hydrogen and renewable industries. Scholarships will be open to everyone, even those currently employed. I urge all to partake and take this opportunity. It will run through local and German universities depending on the specialisation, Kandjii-Murangi elaborated. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000485_A000032	www.livescience.com	https://www.livescience.com/rare-roman-gold-coin-hungary	LVA	Excavators in Hungary have discovered a very rare gold Roman coin that features the face of a murdered Roman emperor.The third-century coin depicts Emperor Volusianus, who co-ruled the for about two years with his father, until the emperor was assassinated at age 22 by his own soldiers. Because of Volusianus short reign, coins bearing his face are rare. Whats more, the coins denomination is rare, as is finding coins from the Roman period in Hungary, said Máté Varga, an archaeologist at the University of Szeged in Hungary and head of the excavation.Despite their luck in finding this rare treasure, however, the excavators have no idea who owned the currency. But because it was the only gold coin unearthed at the site, it is likely a stray that someone lost, Varga told Live Science in an email. It must have been a great loss for the former owner to lose this valuable coin.Related: The coin was unearthed by a museologist of the Rippl-Rónai Museum in Kaposvár, along with museum volunteers in early 2022. The group was excavating a Roman settlement in Somogy County in southwestern Hungary, but Varga declined to elaborate on the sites whereabouts.The exact location of the site is being kept secret for the time being, as the archaeological site is being investigated, he said. Illegal metal detectors are a big problem in Hungary, so we cannot reveal the location for the time being.A glass fibula, or brooch, found at the same site as the Roman coin. (Image credit: Máté Varga )The excavators found the 0.2-ounce (5.6 grams) gold coin — known as an aureus — during a metal detector survey of the site, Varga noted. The coin was minted during the rule of Volusianus, or between A.D. 251 and 253.One side of the coin features a portrait of the bearded emperor with a crown of rays on his head, while the other side depicts Libertas, the personification of freedom, Varga said. This coin wasnt small change, either. The denomination of the coin is not an ordinary aureus, but a rare binio, i.e. a double aureus, Marjanko Pilekic, a numismatist and research assistant at the Coin Cabinet of the Schloss Friedenstein Gotha Foundation in Germany who wasnt involved with the new coins discovery, told Live Science in an email. Binio coins were first minted in the Roman Empire in the first century B.C. This nominal appeared only at the beginning of the third century A.D. … then quickly disappeared again, Pilekic said.The discovery of the coin is wonderful and exciting, Pilekic said. Judging by the photo, the condition of the coin is terrific.Archaeological work at the Roman site is ongoing. Based on recovered artifacts, including this coin, it appears that the settlement existed in the third and fourth centuries, when this region was a part of the Roman province of Pannonia Superior, Varga said. Other uncovered artifacts include Roman and bronze coins (including one of the third-century emperor Probus), a bronze key, a silver ring with inscriptions and a glass brooch.The coin is now a part of the Numismatic Collection at the Rippl-Rónai Museum, which previously had only one Roman gold coin, Levente Ábrahám, director of the museum, said in a statement.Originally published on Live Science. 
20220227_144857_lva_C000485_A000038	www.sciencedaily.com	https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2022/02/220228114351.htm	LVA	Extract from the bark of the Neem tree may help treat and reduce the spread of coronavirus, according to a new study led by scientists at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus and the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research Kolkata. The study, reported recently in the journal Virology, shows that components of Neem bark may target a wide range of viral proteins, suggesting its potential as an antiviral agent against emerging variants of coronaviruses (including SARS-CoV-2). The Neem tree, indigenous to India, has been used for thousands of years for its anti-parasitic, anti-bacterial and antiviral properties. The bark extract has helped treat malaria, stomach and intestinal ulcers, skin diseases and many other diseases. The goal of this research is to develop a Neem-based medication that can reduce the risk of serious illness when someone is infected with coronaviruses, said study co-author Maria Nagel, MD, research professor in the department of neurology and ophthalmology at the University of Colorado School of Medicine on the CU Anschutz Medical Campus. We hope that scientists wont have to continuously develop new therapies every time a new SARS-CoV-2 variant emerges, she said. Just like how we take penicillin for strep throat, we envision taking the Neem-based drug for COVID, allowing us to resume our normal lives without fear of hospitalization and death. The scientists investigated the impact of the bark extract against coronaviruses in their laboratories. In India, researchers tested it in animal models and showed that it had antiviral properties against coronavirus. Using computer modeling, the researchers predicted that Neem bark extract will bind to the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein at various locations, preventing virus entry to host cells. At CU Anschutz, Nagels lab tested the Neem bark extract in SARS-CoV-2 human lung cells. It proved as effective as a preventive drug for infection and also decreased virus replication and spread after infection. The next step in our research is to identify the specific components in Neem bark extract that are antiviral. Because these components bind to various regions of SARS-CoV-2, we believe that it will be effective on emerging variants with spike mutations, said Nagel. We will then determine the formulation of dosage for an antiviral drug to treat coronavirus infections. The scientists said this research could guide new antiviral therapeutic efforts to combat the ongoing pandemic, while holding out the promise for treating new coronavirus strains. Story Source: provided by . Original written by Julia Milzer. Note: Content may be edited for style and length. 
20220227_144857_nga_C000487_A000032	www.cnet.com	https://www.cnet.com/news/nasa-rover-spots-unreal-mars-flower-formation/	NGA	Hello, beautiful! Curiosity rover snapped a gorgeous, delicate formation on Mars that looks like it could be a branching piece of ocean coral. Its not coral, but its worth contemplating how we see familiar Earth objects in random shapes on Mars.The miniscule Martian sculpture invites poetic comparisons. It resembles a water droplet captured at the moment of explosion against a surface, or the tendrils of an anemone in a tide pool.Kevin Gill, famous for , brought my attention to the lovely Curiosity images with a Martian flower. The image comes from Curiositys Mars Hand Lens Imager (Mahli) instrument, which NASA describes as the rovers version of the magnifying hand lens that geologists usually carry with them into the field. So the formation in the image is quite small. Abigail Fraeman, a deputy project scientist for Curiosity, that compares the object with a US penny to give an approximate sense of the scale. Fraeman writes that the image shows teeny, tiny delicate structures that formed by mineral precipitating from water. Curiosity has been in residence in the Gale Crater on Mars since 2012. Its working its way up the craters central mountain Mount Sharp, delivering and insights into the red planets geology, history and as it goes. The tiny mineral formation is a reminder of Mars once-watery past, a key area of study that could help scientists figure out if the now inhospitable planet was once capable of hosting microbial life. It was nice of Curiosity to stop and smell the flower for us. 
20220227_144857_ken_C000494_A000010	www.the-star.co.ke	https://www.the-star.co.ke/news/2022-02-28-lawyer-ahmednasir-without-mt-kenya-deputy-raila-cant-pass-4m-votes/	KEN	With less than six months to the August 9, polls, various permutations on how Kenyans will vote are emerging in a bid to establish who among the top presidential candidates stand a chance to take the seat home.The 2022 presidential contest has narrowed down to Kenya Kwanza Alliance and Azimio La Umoja as top formations likely to win the presidency.ODM leader Raila Odinga and Deputy President William Ruto are deemed to be the front runners with opinion polls giving them a higher rating than the rest.Considering the ballooned number of registered voters in the forthcoming polls, Senior Counsel Ahmednasir Abdullahi says the winner of the August polls needs more than 10 million votes.In his analysis, the ODM leader stands to lose the polls and by a big margin to his fierce competitor Ruto if his running mate is not from the Mt Kenya region.The winning candidate in the August Presidential election will require 10-11 m votes. With or without Hon Musyoka, as long as Central Kenya doesnt get DP, Raila cant get more than 4m votes, Ahmednasir said in a tweet on Monday.According to the flamboyant Lawyer, Railas loss will be too big for anyone to contemplate using underhand means to have him declared the winner.Ahmednasir, a perennial critic of Raila and his Handshake deal, did not elaborate on why Railas votes will take a dig.Judging by his previous analysis of the August polls, the latest opinion is ostensibly pegged on the defection of Railas key allies to Rutos camp.Ahmednasirs opinion is a sharp contrast to Railas performance in the last polls where he surpassed 5 million votes without the backing of the Mt Kenya region.Also, opinion polls conducted by Radio Africa Group, on the other hand, shows the ODM leader is making significant improvement in his numbers as the clock ticks to the August polls.The surveys raise a doubt whether the defection of some key allies is a blow to his bid.According to the latest poll released in January 2022, 46.1 per cent of registered voters say they will vote for Ruto in the presidential election on August 9 while 35.1 per cent say they will vote for Raila.The polls indicated that Rutos lead will not be sufficient for him to win on the first round with a simple majority (50 per cent plus one vote).In November 2021, a Radio Africa poll showed that 45.6 per cent of voters would vote for Ruto compared to 28.6 per cent for Raila.In July, 42.7 per cent said they would vote for Ruto and 14.2 per cent for Raila.While Railas support has been on an upward trajectory, Ruto has been stagnating despite being supported by Railas former key allies. 
20220227_144857_ken_C000494_A000029	www.skysports.com	https://www.skysports.com/football/news/11095/12554299/fifa-and-uefa-suspend-russia-until-further-notice	KEN	FIFA and UEFA have suspended Russias national and club teams from all competitions until further notice.The suspension means that, barring an unlikely change of course in Russias invasion of Ukraine, the country will not be able to face Poland in a World Cup play-off semi-final next month, take part in the Womens European Championships this summer and Spartak Moscow have been kicked out of the Europa League. UEFA has also terminated its deal with energy company Gazprom, which is majority-owned by the Russian state and is also a major sponsor of the Champions League.The sponsorship deal has been in place since 2012 and has been reported to be worth around Ł33.4m (€40m) per season. Which teams are affected by suspension? World Cup 2022 - Russia were scheduled to host Poland in a World Cup qualifying play-off on March 24 and if they remain suspended at that time, they would be out of the World Cup and unable to progress to the finals in Qatar in November. Europa League - UEFA has already confirmed Spartak Moscow will not play their Europa League match against RB Leipzig, with the German club advancing to the quarter-finals. Nations League – In June, Russia are due to play Albania twice, as well as games against Israel and Iceland. Womens Euro 2022 - UEFA says a decision will be made at a later date about the impact on the tournament in England in July, which Russia have qualified for. A joint FIFA and UEFA statement read: Following the initial decisions adopted by the FIFA Council and the UEFA Executive Committee, which envisaged the adoption of additional measures, FIFA and UEFA have today decided together that all Russian teams, whether national representative teams or club teams, shall be suspended from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice. These decisions were adopted today by the Bureau of the FIFA Council and the Executive Committee of UEFA, respectively the highest decision-making bodies of both institutions on such urgent matters. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player Wladimir Klitschko says that no one other than Ukraine will decide how they live their lives and feels every hour counts. Football is fully united here and in full solidarity with all the people affected in Ukraine. Both Presidents hope that the situation in Ukraine will improve significantly and rapidly so that football can again be a vector for unity and peace amongst people. Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted after the ban was confirmed: This is a powerful message from the international sporting community that we will not tolerate Putins abhorrent assaults on freedom and liberty. Well done FIFA and UEFA. Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player Speaking before the announcement, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it is inconceivable that normal sporting relations with Vladimir Putins Russia can continue following the invasion of Ukraine The decision comes after FIFA and UEFA came under intense pressure from individual countries to go further in their sanctions, with FIFA first having said that Russia could compete as the Football Union of Russia and play matches outside of the country. and on Monday .Spartak Moscow out of Europa League | Spartak: Extremely upsettingFollowing the announcement, UEFA confirmed the Europa League last-16 tie between Spartak Moscow and RB Leipzig next month will not take place, with the German club automatically progressing to the quarter-finals.A UEFA statement read: As a consequence of todays decision by the UEFA Executive Committee to suspend Russian club and national teams from taking part in UEFA competitions until further notice, the UEFA Europa League matches between RB Leipzig and FC Spartak Moskva cannot take place, and, as a consequence, RB Leipzig are qualified to the quarter-finals of the competition. Image: Spartak Moscow have been removed from this seasons Europa League in response to Russias invasion of Ukraine In response to UEFAs decision, Spartak Moscow say it is extremely upsetting and one we do not agree with, but are looking forward to a speedy achievement of peace.This verdict is connected to the organisations position on recent events that have taken place in Ukraine, a club statement read.The recent decision taken by UEFA and FIFA although expected, is extremely upsetting. Unfortunately, the efforts that our club made in the Europa League have been nullified for reasons that are far outside the remit of sports.Spartak has millions of fans not only in Russia, but all over the world. Our successes and failures bring people from dozens of different countries together. We believe that sport, even in the most difficult times, should aim to build bridges, and not burn them. We are forced to obey a decision that we do not agree with.For now, we shall focus on domestic competitions, and are looking forward to a speedy achievement of peace that everybody needs. UEFA says a decision will be made at a later date about the impact on the Womens Euro 2022 tournament in England in July, which Russia have qualified for.The suspension could also affect the mens Nations League later this year. Russia are due to play Albania twice in June, as well as games against Israel and Iceland.Q&A: What does latest development mean?Sky Sports News chief reporter Kaveh Solhekol:FIFA have been working closely with UEFA on this. We had the situation on Sunday when the Bureau of the FIFA Council met when they stopped just short of banning Russia.They said on Sunday that Russia could still play football but not in the country, but less than 24 hours later, after weve had the Polish FA, the Swedish FA and the Czech Republic FA among others coming out saying they would not face Russia, no matter what theyre called or where the games were going to be, FIFA and UEFA have come together and said that we are suspending Russia.Its quite significant that its a joint statement as well because in the past, weve seen how relations between FIFA and UEFA have not always been very warm but on this issue they are totally aligned.Weve got the World Cup play-off next month with Russia playing Poland but that is now not going to happen. I imagine Poland will go straight into their play-off final against either Czech Republic or Sweden.Looking further ahead, weve got the womens European Championship which Russia had qualified for. As it stands, this would mean them not playing in that tournament.What is the significance of severing ties with Gazprom?Gazprom were UEFAs biggest sponsor. They were their biggest commercial partner, paying something in the region of Ł34m a year to sponsor UEFAs competitions and they have turned around and said, we dont want your money.We know you are a state-owned Russian energy company and considering what Russia are doing in Ukraine at the moment, we dont want to be associated with you and we dont want your money.Usmanov hit by sanctionsThe European Council have confirmed that Everton investor Alisher Usmanov has been hit by its latest round of sanctions in response to Russias invasion of Ukraine.Usmanov is currently a co-owner of Russias second-largest mobile telephone operator MegaFon and owner of Udokan copper mine in the country.In 2017, Usmanovs holding company USM entered into a naming rights deal for Evertons Finch Farm training ground.Usmanov is also president of the International Fencing Federation and a member of the International Olympic Committees Olympic Channel Commission.Alisher Usmanov is pro-Kremlin oligarch with particularly close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, the council said.He has been referred to as one of Vladimir Putins favourite oligarchs. He is considered to be one of Russias businessmen-officials, who were entrusted with servicing financial flows, but their positions depend on the will of the President.Mr Usmanov has reportedly fronted for President Putin and solved his business problems. According to FinCEN files he paid $6 million (Ł4.5m) to Vladimir Putins influential adviser Valentin Yumashev.Dmitry Medvedev, the Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of Russia and former President and Prime Minister of Russia, benefited from the personal use of luxurious residences controlled by Mr Usmanov.Therefore he actively supported materially or financially Russian decision-makers responsible for the annexation of Crimea and the destabilisation of Ukraine.On Evertons website, on a USM Holdings page, it says: Aside from the naming and branding of the training ground, USM also benefit from a set of global marketing rights including presence on media interview backdrops, LED advertising at Goodison Park on matchdays, VIP hospitality and player access for brands within the group.The EU Councils announcement also said: Restrictive measures, which now apply to a total of 680 individuals and 53 entities, include an asset freeze and a prohibition from making funds available to the listed individuals and entities. In addition, a travel ban applicable to the listed persons prevents these from entering or transiting through EU territory.High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Josep Borrell said: With these additional sanctions, we are targeting all who are having a significant economic role in supporting Putins regime, and benefit financially from the system. These sanctions will expose the wealth of Putins elite.Those who enable the invasion of Ukraine will pay a price for their action.Sky Sports News has contacted Everton for comment. 
20220227_144857_uga_C000500_A000003	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/feb/28/ukraine-what-we-know-on-day-five-of-russias-invasion	UGA	Dozens of people have been killed and hundreds more wounded by Russian forces on the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, the Ukrainian interior ministry has said. Blasts were heard in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. Meanwhile, about 90 miles (150km) north-east of Kyiv in Chernihiv, a missile reportedly hit a residential building in the centre of the city, causing a fire to break out, the agency added. High-level talks between Ukraine and Russia that took place on the border with Belarus on Monday morning ended without a breakthrough. Both sides agreed to keep the negotiations going and a second round of talks could take place in the coming days. The French president, Emmanuel Macron, spoke with Russia’s leader, Vladimir Putin, in a phone call on Monday, where he reiterated demands to halt Russia’s offensive in Ukraine and urged Putin to stop all strikes on civilians, preserve the civilian infrastructure and provide safe access to key roads. British intelligence appears to corroborate a recent report from Ukraine’s military that had “slowed down” its offensive. Britain’s defence ministry has said Russia’s advance on Kyiv has been slowed by logistical failures and fierce Ukrainian resistance. The Russian central bank increased interest rates to 20% from 9.5% after the on Monday following western sanctions. Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelenskiy, said he had signed an official request for Ukraine to join the European Union. A senior EU official said leaders may discuss the possibility of Ukrainian leadership at an informal summit in March but added that no process had been started yet. The EU is preparing to grant Ukrainians who flee the war the right to stay and work in the 27-nation bloc for up to three years, EU officials said. Ukrainian ports will remain closed until Russia’s invasion ends, the head of Ukraine’s maritime administration said, adding that the port of Mariupol had sustained damage from Russian forces on Monday morning. Amnesty International has condemned Russia’s reported use of cluster munitions in , saying an attack on a preschool “may constitute a war crime”. Russian invasion forces seized two small cities in southeastern and the area around a nuclear power plant, the Interfax news agency reported on Monday, but ran into stiff resistance elsewhere as Moscow’s diplomatic and economic isolation deepened. Ukraine’s western allies increased weapons transfers in support. Finland agreed to ship 2,500 assault rifles and 1,500 anti-tank weapons. The UK government announced a slew of measures “to prohibit any UK natural or legal persons from undertaking financial transactions involving the Russian central bank, the Russian national wealth fund and the country’s ministry of finance”. The US blocked Americans from engaging in any transactions involving Russia’s central bank, National Wealth Fund and finance ministry in further punishment of Moscow over its invasion of Ukraine. The US stepped up the flow of weapons to , announcing on Sunday it would send Stinger missiles as part of a package approved by the White House. Russia’s national and club teams from all international competitions until further notice, the two football bodies said in a joint statement. The International Olympic Committee’s executive board also recommended that international sports federations ban Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials from competing in events. About 800 people were arrested as Belarus voted to ditch its non-nuclear status in a referendum that raises the stakes at a time when the country has become a of , the government said on Monday. Forty Ukrainian civil society groups have come together to call on the west to establish safe zones for refugees inside Ukraine, and to provide technology to help document Russian war crimes as part of a plan to make Putin and his inner circle face justice at the international criminal court. 
20220227_144857_nam_C000503_A000022	kotaku.com	https://kotaku.com/nintendo-switch-pokemon-scarlet-violet-botw-2-bayonetta-1848602339	NAM	And just like that the Nintendo Switch was set to have its biggest year since launch. The pieces moved into place slowly (and might not hold), but on paper at least, the portable console’s 2022 is set to be bookended by and , with a whole lot more between. It’s 2017 all over again, but bigger.That year saw the Switch launch with BOTW and then follow-up with Splatoon 2 and Mario Odyssey in the months that followed. , in part because BOTW was supposed to come to Wii U years earlier, and one unlikely to be repeated. And yet, as the Switch hits the , that seems to be what’s happening.The Nintendo release calendar has a way of sneaking up on you. That’s what happened last fall when a seemingly sleepy season for Switch , thanks to a steady stream of breakouts from Metroid Dread to Pokémon Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl. It’s happening again this year following a sudden one-two punch that began with a , and ended with the latest .The first event revealed a slew of new games and confirmed Splatoon 3 would hit this summer. The second shocked fans by announcing 2022 would see the release of not just the most ambitious Pokémon game in years, but also an open world Gen 9 in the form of . Here are some other highlights from the upcoming lineup:Triangle Strategy – March 4Kirby and the Forgotten Land – March 25Nintendo Switch Sports – April 29Mario Strikers: Battle League – June 10Fire Emblem Warriors: Three Hopes – June 24Splatoon 3 – SummerXenoblade Chronicles 3 – September Mario + Rabbids Sparks of Hope – TBD 2022Bayonetta 3 – TBD 2022Pokémon Scarlet and Violet – TBD 2022The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Sequel – TBD 2022G/O Media may get a commissionStimulate your kids mindsYour little ones are glued to the screen, and thats a reality we have to accept. But what if they could learn and grow while watching videos and playing games? Create a foundation for learning with this free trial.There are a decent number of smaller ports and remakes slated to arrive this year as well. Advance Wars 1+2: Re-Boot Camp appears in April. The Octopath Traveler-style 2.5D version of previously unlocalized classic JRPG, Live A Live, will release in July. Hello Games is somehow putting No Man’s Sky on Switch. Mario Kart 8, the top selling game on two different consoles, is basically .Nintendo started quietly laying the groundwork for this back in 2021 with . But the lowkey way it dropped solid dates in recent weeks has made it feel like it’s hitting all at once. The Mario-maker is often masterful when it comes to starving its audience, then under-promising and over-delivering. This year, however, it’s already tipped most of its hand and it could be the strongest it’s had in years, if it actually gets the chance to play it.That is, of course, a big if. When Pokémon Scarlet and Violet got announced yesterday, more than a few fans took it as an admission that BOTW 2 won’t end up hitting this year after all. In the age of covid, Nintendo also seems to have struggled with production delays more than most. At the same time, it has had chances to remain noncommittal in the past but keeps . Even if it ends up dropping out, there’s still plenty on the Switch’s 2022 plate to make it one of the strongest years it’s ever had. Now if only Nintendo would port Wind Waker HD over. Update: 4/19/22, 11:54 a.m. ET: BOTW 2 was . The rest of the 2022 lineup is still killer. 
20220227_144857_can_C000523_A000008	atlantic.ctvnews.ca	https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/n-s-shooting-inquiry-children-called-911-relayed-key-details-about-gunman-amid-killings-1.5798851	CAN	HALIFAX - Warning: article contains details some readers may find disturbing. When a gunman impersonating a Mountie started killing people in Portapique, N.S., on April 18, 2020, four children huddled in a home where they relayed key information about the killer as the tragedy unfolded around them. Portions of a transcript of that disturbing 911 call were released today by an independent commission of inquiry investigating the worst mass shooting in modern Canadian history, which claimed 22 lives over a 13-hour span. The phone conversation is recounted in a 90-page document that focuses on the first hour of the killers rampage. It offers clear evidence that authorities were told about the shooters identity and his replica police vehicle before he used a back road to evade a police blockade. Recordings of the 911 calls were not played during the hearings. However, the so-called foundational document provides grim, detailed descriptions of how 13 people were gunned down that night, including Gabriel Wortmans first victims: Greg and Jamie Blair, the parents of two young boys. Based on statements from residents and the gunmans common-law spouse, the commission has concluded that some time before 10 p.m., the perpetrator assaulted his spouse and set fire to his home and the building where he kept his mock police vehicle — facts previously confirmed by the RCMP through the gradual release of search warrant applications. Then, at around 10 p.m., the killer approached the Blair home, where he killed Greg Blair on the front deck. Jamie Blair immediately called 911, telling the operator her husband had been shot. She also said there was an RCMP cruiser in her driveway. Its decked and labelled RCMP ... but its not a police officer, she told the operator. The man is coming back up the deck with a big gun. At that point, the woman hustled her two boys — ages 11 and 9 — into the back bedroom, where the brothers hid on the floor behind a bed. Blair identified the killer as Gabriel to the 911 operator and she whispered into the phone that he was trying to get into the house. In a statement to police, the 11-year-old boy — identified as AD — said Wortman shot the familys cat and dog before firing multiple shots through the bedroom door, killing his mother. On Monday, commission counsel Roger Burrill presented a summary of what happened in Portapique, including the events in the Blair home. It is essentially a contemporaneous report of murder,” Burrill said, describing Jamie Blairs 911 call. Jamie Blair was shot at this time through the door of her bedroom, protecting her children.” The children remained hidden and do not believe that they were seen by the killer, the commissions report says. About 10 minutes later, the boys fled the home when they realized the killer had set fire to the house before leaving. They sprinted next door to the home of Lisa McCully, who had been fatally shot minutes earlier by the gunman as she walked to the edge of her property to find out what was going on. The boys did not see her as they made their way to their neighbours house. Inside, the two Blair boys were met by McCullys children, identified as 12-year-old AB and 10-year-old AC. Blairs 11-year-old son called 911 at 10:16 p.m., telling the operator about his parents death and the fact that the killer had driven away in a police car, carrying a massive gun. Just like ... a police car, he said, adding that the mother of the McCully children had left the house earlier and had not returned. At 10:21, the boy confirmed he could hear gunshots going off every thirty seconds. The children referenced the perpetrator by his first name, the document says. They (correctly) advised that he works in Halifax as a denture person .... The children indicated that the perpetrator would blend in with the cops because he has a cop car. They also confirmed that the car, correctly identified as a Ford, had emergency lights and proper decals. At 10:39 p.m., the children reported seeing the replica cruiser on the move. One of the children exclaimed, Its Gabriel! the report says. As more shots rang out, the children were told to move to the basement, where they stayed until 12:20 a.m., when the Mounties decided it was safe for them to leave. Burrill told the hearing Monday that he had listened to the entire, two-hour 911 call. “The children are describing a horrific scene of fire and shooting and no parents, he said. (But) the children’s poise, presence and capacity to engage with the 911 call taker is simply outstanding. They are calm. They are responsive. They are observant. According to the commissions research, the RCMP checked on the children three times before the house was evacuated. Some critics have suggested they should have been rescued earlier, given the fact that other residents had been removed for their safety. A separate report on the role of first responders will be released Tuesday. As for the other victims, the commissions report says all except one were fatally shot in their homes between 10:04 p.m. and 10:45 p.m., though the sequence of events is not always clear, given the lack of witnesses, phone calls and surveillance video. The report says it appears the last person killed in Portapique was Corrie Ellison, who was in the community that night with his brother to visit their father. It says Ellison had set off on foot to investigate the fire burning at Wortmans sprawling garage and was shot dead while he took photographs with his cellphone. The time of his last photo, a blurry image that shows nothing, was 10:40 p.m. Minutes later, Wortman’s escape was spotted by Patricia Zimmerman as she stood outside her home on Portapique Crescent, looking at the eerie glow in the sky created by her neighbours’ burning houses. She would later tell police that at 10:45 p.m. she noticed a set of headlights travelling like a bat out of hell along a rough, private road that ran along the side of a blueberry field east of the rural enclave, toward Highway 2. Zimmerman said she and her sister thought the driver was probably a volunteer firefighter, which is why they didnt alert police. Another resident, Harlan Rushton, told commission investigators that it was around midnight when he told police at the scene that the killer could have used a back road to escape. Harlan said he told police: “You know, there’s another way out of there, right?” According to Harlan, the officer replied, “Yeah, we know. Just get out of here. Just go.” The commissions report concludes with a summary of the horrific events in Portapique and a blurry photo from a surveillance camera showing the killers car speeding past a gas station in nearby Great Village, N.S., at 10:51 p.m. Police say he later parked in an industrial park in Debert, N.S., where he spent the night. The next day, he fatally shot nine more people — both acquaintances and strangers — as he led police on a chase that spanned more than 100 kilometres. Wortman was shot dead later that morning by an RCMP officer who spotted him trying to refuel a stolen vehicle at a gas station north of Halifax. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Feb. 28, 2022 
20220227_144857_ken_C000533_A000031	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/28/22955003/esa-exomars-roscosmos-rosalind-franklin-rover-red-planet	KEN	A joint Russian-European mission to Mars will likely be delayed in light of and the country’s ongoing assault of Ukraine. The delay is the latest space partnership to feel the side effects of Russia’s invasion here on Earth. Known as ExoMars, the mission entails sending a series of robotic spacecraft to Mars, culminating in the launch of a robotic rover to explore the Red Planet’s surface. The European Space Agency and Russia’s state space corporation Roscosmos have been working together on the program for the last decade. As part of the initiative, ESA and Roscosmos launched the first phase of the mission in 2016, sending a spacecraft to orbit Mars and sniff out its atmosphere, as well as a test lander to demonstrate the capabilities needed to land on the Martian surface. While the orbiter successfully began its mission orbiting Mars, the test lander crashed . “The sanctions and the wider context make a launch in 2022 very unlikely” Still, ESA and Roscosmos continued to push forward with the second phase of the mission: launching a Mars rover that has since , after the British chemist whose work led to the discovery of DNA’s structure. The rover’s launch was tentatively planned for this summer, but ESA is now casting doubt on that timeline. “Regarding the ExoMars programme continuation, the sanctions and the wider context make a launch in 2022 very unlikely,” ESA . “ESA’s Director General will analyse all the options and prepare a formal decision on the way forward by ESA Member States.” Both ESA and Roscosmos are providing crucial elements for the rover’s mission. The Rosalind Franklin rover has been built and tested by ESA, designed to drill into the Martian terrain and look for signs of life. Russia is providing the landing element that will help get the rover to the surface, known as the Kazachok lander. The entire mission is meant to launch on a Russian Proton rocket as well. Along with the United States, the European Union announced a list of new restrictive sanctions against Russia following the Ukraine invasion. The sanctions cover areas of finance, energy, transport, technology, and visa policy, according to the European Union. ESA noted that it was complying with the sanctions. “We are fully implementing sanctions imposed on Russia by our Member States,” ESA wrote in its update. “We are assessing the consequences on each of our ongoing programmes conducted in cooperation with the Russian state space agency Roscosmos and align our decisions to the decisions of our Member States in close coordination with industrial and international partners (in particular with NASA on the International Space Station).” Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Roscosmos, , claiming that ESA “decided to freeze off her ears” to spite their Russian grandmother, according to Google Translate. ( roughly equivalent to “cutting off your nose to spite your face.”) The news comes after Russia announced that it would be , South America, in light of the sanctions. European launch provider Arianespace had an agreement with Roscosmos to use the Soyuz to launch satellites out of French Guiana or the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. As part of the decision, Russia said it would withdraw 87 of its staff members working at the Guiana Space Center in Kourou on upcoming launches. Russia also announced plans to exclude NASA from a joint mission to Venus the two organizations had been working on. However, Roscosmos and NASA are . The most recent delay for ExoMars is the latest in a long line of delays for the mission. The rover was originally supposed to launch as early as 2018, but was pushed back because equipment wasn’t ready in time. A planned launch in 2020 was , which are crucial to landing the vehicle on Mars’ surface. If ExoMars doesn’t launch this year, its next opportunity won’t be for another two years, when Earth and Mars are closest together on their orbits around the Sun again. 
20220227_144857_ken_C000536_A000020	techbullion.com	https://techbullion.com/how-to-charge-a-smartwatch/	KEN	Are you planning to buy a smartwatch? Before getting your hands on this remarkable evolution in the field of technology and time-seeing, you need to learn a little bit more about battery timing and how to charge this fantastic device. You need not worry as we are here today to guide you all about assessing your brand-new top-of-the-line . So, without further ado, let’s get started. Galaxy Watch: There are three ways to charge your Galaxy Watch. The first way is to set it with a portable lead charger. All you need to do is plug one end of the charger into the charging port and the other end to the socket. The next step is to place the watch on the dock. Place the back of the watch so that it gets aligned to the center of the charging dock. When the watch starts to charge, a red light on the dock’s LED indicator will tell us that the watch is charging. When it turns green, it means the smartwatch is fully charged. Another way to charge your Galaxy watch is to place it on a charging station. Do it by placing the back of the smartwatch on top of the center point of the charging station. You can quickly check your watches’ charging status by tapping any of its active keys and then removing it accordingly. Yet another way to charge your smartwatch is via your smartphone. Although this method seems quite convenient, it will drain your smartphone’s battery while charging your smartwatch. But what is a smartwatch without a smartphone? All you need to do is turn on the Wireless PowerShare icon on the notification panel of your smartphone. The next step is to place the Galaxy watch in the center of the back of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone. You need to turn off the PowerShare feature after enough power has been transferred. Apple Watch: Apple Watch, just like any Samsung watch, is fast and easy to charge. All you need to do to set up this device is to take off your watch and plug in the particular Apple Watch Magnetic Charging Cable. Apple Watch Magnetic Charging Dock, or Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charging USB-C Cable, into a power adapter (most commonly a USB power adapter). The next step is plugging the power adapter into the socket or the power outlet. Position the charger on the center and back of your Apple watch. The magnets on the charger align with the Apple Watch, and your watch will start charging. To be sure, you can always check for the battery charging icon on your smartwatch face. Give your smartwatch sufficient time to charge before plugging off the magnetic charger. Fitbit: Fitbit is a wearable device that helps people to track and monitor their daily physical activities. It comes with a charger to give life to the battery but you can also , for example with a USB port. Different watches have portable charges that you can easily use to charge the device. The type of charger depends upon the brand of the smartwatch. The pricier your smartwatch is, the more advanced charger it will come with. 
20220227_144857_sgp_C000548_A000002	www.straitstimes.com	https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/politics/ukraine-crisis-has-clouded-spores-economic-outlook-inflationary-pressures-to-rise-gan	SGP	SINGAPORE - has clouded Singapores economic outlook, with escalating energy costs set to fuel a knock-on increase in prices of other products, said Trade and Industry Minister Gan Kim Yong on Monday (Feb 28). While the actual impact on Singapores gross domestic product (GDP) growth and inflation is difficult to estimate for now given the uncertainties, it is clear that inflationary pressures are likely to rise further in the near term, especially through an increase in the prices of oil-related items. The downside risks to our economy have also increased significantly, said Mr Gan, speaking on the economic impact of the Ukraine war during the Budget debate in Parliament. Singapore had earlier projected with core inflation to come in between 2 per cent and 3 per cent. In his speech, the minister noted that Singapores initial assessment is that the immediate and direct impact of the Ukraine crisis on the Republics economy and firms has been manageable for now - Singapore firms have a limited presence in Ukraine and the country does not import many essential supplies from Ukraine and the region. But the conflict is still evolving and the situation could change very quickly, he cautioned. Make no mistake, that while Ukraine may seem far away from Singapore, the conflict there will have real and significant impact on all of us, Mr Gan said. He added that with sanctions being imposed on Russia and disruption to supplies, global prices of energy and other products are set to rise in the coming weeks. One key area where Singapore will be significantly affected is in energy costs, as Singapore imports most of its energy needs, he said, noting Higher energy costs mean that motorists must expect pump prices for petrol and diesel here to rise, and electricity rates for both businesses and households will also increase in tandem with escalating global energy costs, he added. These will undoubtedly impact Singaporeans, and further raise the cost of living here, said Mr Gan. 
20220227_144857_tza_C000554_A000031	www.theverge.com	https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/28/22955003/esa-exomars-roscosmos-rosalind-franklin-rover-red-planet	TZA	A joint Russian-European mission to Mars will likely be delayed in light of and the country’s ongoing assault of Ukraine. The delay is the latest space partnership to feel the side effects of Russia’s invasion here on Earth. Known as ExoMars, the mission entails sending a series of robotic spacecraft to Mars, culminating in the launch of a robotic rover to explore the Red Planet’s surface. The European Space Agency and Russia’s state space corporation Roscosmos have been working together on the program for the last decade. As part of the initiative, ESA and Roscosmos launched the first phase of the mission in 2016, sending a spacecraft to orbit Mars and sniff out its atmosphere, as well as a test lander to demonstrate the capabilities needed to land on the Martian surface. While the orbiter successfully began its mission orbiting Mars, the test lander crashed . “The sanctions and the wider context make a launch in 2022 very unlikely” Still, ESA and Roscosmos continued to push forward with the second phase of the mission: launching a Mars rover that has since , after the British chemist whose work led to the discovery of DNA’s structure. The rover’s launch was tentatively planned for this summer, but ESA is now casting doubt on that timeline. “Regarding the ExoMars programme continuation, the sanctions and the wider context make a launch in 2022 very unlikely,” ESA . “ESA’s Director General will analyse all the options and prepare a formal decision on the way forward by ESA Member States.” Both ESA and Roscosmos are providing crucial elements for the rover’s mission. The Rosalind Franklin rover has been built and tested by ESA, designed to drill into the Martian terrain and look for signs of life. Russia is providing the landing element that will help get the rover to the surface, known as the Kazachok lander. The entire mission is meant to launch on a Russian Proton rocket as well. Along with the United States, the European Union announced a list of new restrictive sanctions against Russia following the Ukraine invasion. The sanctions cover areas of finance, energy, transport, technology, and visa policy, according to the European Union. ESA noted that it was complying with the sanctions. “We are fully implementing sanctions imposed on Russia by our Member States,” ESA wrote in its update. “We are assessing the consequences on each of our ongoing programmes conducted in cooperation with the Russian state space agency Roscosmos and align our decisions to the decisions of our Member States in close coordination with industrial and international partners (in particular with NASA on the International Space Station).” Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Roscosmos, , claiming that ESA “decided to freeze off her ears” to spite their Russian grandmother, according to Google Translate. ( roughly equivalent to “cutting off your nose to spite your face.”) The news comes after Russia announced that it would be , South America, in light of the sanctions. European launch provider Arianespace had an agreement with Roscosmos to use the Soyuz to launch satellites out of French Guiana or the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. As part of the decision, Russia said it would withdraw 87 of its staff members working at the Guiana Space Center in Kourou on upcoming launches. Russia also announced plans to exclude NASA from a joint mission to Venus the two organizations had been working on. However, Roscosmos and NASA are . The most recent delay for ExoMars is the latest in a long line of delays for the mission. The rover was originally supposed to launch as early as 2018, but was pushed back because equipment wasn’t ready in time. A planned launch in 2020 was , which are crucial to landing the vehicle on Mars’ surface. If ExoMars doesn’t launch this year, its next opportunity won’t be for another two years, when Earth and Mars are closest together on their orbits around the Sun again. 
20220227_144857_phl_C000564_A000033	www.space.com	https://www.space.com/axiom-ax-1-mission-space-station-preview	PHL	aims to set a standard for future crews with its pioneering mission to the International Space Station (ISS) next month.Axioms , the first all-private crewed mission to the orbiting lab, is scheduled to launch on March 30 and last for 10 days. Ax-1s four spaceflyers — three paying customers and Axioms Michael López-Alegría, whos commanding the mission — will fly inside a SpaceX Dragon capsule, which will lift off atop a Falcon 9 rocket.There have been individuals that have flown on government flights, but never a completely private flight [to the ISS] ... So were very excited about this being the very first one of those, Michael Suffredini, president and CEO of Axiom, said during a livestreamed press conference Monday (Feb. 28). Axiom ultimately aims to operate its own commercial space station, and the Houston-based company plans to launch a private module to the ISS in about two years to start building on that goal, Suffredini said.He said Ax-1, however, will be the first of probably hundreds of missions during the buildout of the Axiom space station and of other missions for services in low Earth orbit. This first crew, he added, has an ambitious research agenda in mind that will not be focused on having the members paste their nose on the window.Photos: The Ax-1 crewmembers are gearing up for such work as they enter the home stretch of their training, López-Alegría, a former NASA astronaut, said during the same briefing. For now, the spaceflyers are focused on refresher training and on collection of data for the experiments that we do; generally they like doing some pre-flight, in-flight and post flight, he said. (This is especially true of medical experiments that focus on due to the rigors of spaceflight.)López-Alegría added that the Ax-1 training has been broadly similar to that he experienced when preparing for NASA missions. Our focus is always safety and mission success, and thats really unchanged, he said.López-Alegría noted that his crew is seeking to be standard bearers for how private astronauts should conduct themselves on the ISS, seeking to set the bar very, very high because they know they will be guests on the orbiting complex.López-Alegría said his relationships with in the past, when he was a NASA astronaut, were positive. But he also recognized the potential for disruption. Were super sensitive to that, and we think thats a very good example to be setting for future crews. Everybody on the crew is ... very dedicated, very committed, very professional in this, and we really are taking this very, very seriously. Its not tourism.Michael López-Alegría, seen here in 2006 during his last visit to the International Space Station as a NASA astronaut, will command Axiom Spaces Ax-1 commercial mission to the orbital complex. (Image credit: NASA)The crews time will be largely spent on a collection of life science and technology demonstrations, Christian Maender, Axioms director of in-space research and manufacturing, said during the press conference. More announcements will be forthcoming in future weeks, he added.The medical investigations will include work with stem cells and cardiac health, and one of the key tech demonstrations will be in-space spacecraft assembly, which proponents hope reduces the costs involved with getting equipment up and running in orbit. (Officials noted that the work may also generate some good videos for public engagement.)Looking ahead to the , Suffredini said the planned launch date for the first module will be in September 2024. The company should wrap up critical design reviews for the first two modules this summer, he added. Among the modules that Axiom plans to launch is a research facility, which will help take over some of the in-orbit science responsibilities when the ISS is ready to retire ... about a year before that happens, Suffredini.Suffredini, who was NASAs International Space Station program manager from 2005 to 2015, said that its possible Axioms modules could support a mission as soon as 2028 if necessary. We do have some flexibility there, he said.Axiom will launch its modules to the ISS initially. The private facility will eventually detach from the ISS and become a bona fide space station of its own.NASA wants to extend the ISS agreement , but that is pending pledges from the various partners that make up the multinational pact to extend beyond the current end date of 2024.The largest partner, Russia, is now facing severe in space (among many other industries) due to a military invasion of Ukraine last week. The invasion has been condemned by the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), among others; many NATO partners have also implemented industry and financial sanctions.During Mondays call, Kathy Lueders, NASAs associate administrator of space operations, emphasized that NASA and Russia continue to work together as usual on the ISS and are committed to continuing that relationship.We as a team are operating just like we were operating three weeks ago, she said. The teams, the controllers are still talking together. Our teams are still talking together. Were still doing training together. Were still working together.Follow Elizabeth Howell on Twitter . Follow us on Twitter or Facebook. 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000571_A000033	www.abc.net.au	https://www.abc.net.au/news/science/2022-03-01/solar-storm-risks-power-network-internet/100812978	ZAF	Samuel McGowan was an early adopter of technology for his time.Within a year of arriving in Victoria in 1853 from Canada, the entrepreneurial engineer had overseen the construction of the southern hemispheres first experimental telegraph, an 18-kilometre-long wire stretching between Melbourne and Williamstown.By 1859, Melbourne was connected by telegraph to the booming goldfield settlements of Ballarat and Bendigo, and lines ran to Sydney and Adelaide.But something weird happened on August 29 and September 2 of that year.Mr McGowan told the Victorian parliament that the transmission of signals was affected by fluctuating electrical currents in the atmosphere coinciding with the aurora australis, a phenomenon hed seen before in his home country.On one occasion during this interesting disturbance of the natural elements, I communicated with, and received an acknowledgement from, a station distant 32 miles, through atmospheric currents alone, there being at the time no battery on the line.Mr McGowan witnessed the fallout of what has become known as the . Drawing of sunspots by English astronomer Richard Carrington from 1859(Wikimedia)The 1859 solar storm is the most powerful in recorded history — it played havoc with fledgling telegraph systems, sparking fires around the world, and created auroras that stretched to northern Queensland.All this happened at least a decade before the bunch of separate states on the Australian mainland were connected to the rest of the world. And it was even longer until the first electrical lights flickered in the streets of Tamworth, the first petrol motor car hit our dusty tracks and the first plane flew in our skies.So what would happen if a Carrington event hit us today?Anatomy of a space stormSolar storms like the Carrington event are caused by explosive bursts of charged particles flung from the Sun in a phenomenon known as a coronal mass ejection (CME).A CME really only affects us if the stream of particles, or solar wind, is pointed in our direction, says Hannah Schunker, a solar physicist at the University of Newcastle.LoadingIf the Suns magnetic field is the opposite of Earths magnetic field at the time, the charged particles are able to enter Earths upper atmosphere travelling down to the polar regions.This sudden burst of electromagnetic energy creates stunning auroras, but it can also fry anything that conducts electricity.In the 160 years since Mr McGowans telegraph lines went haywire there have only been a couple of solar storms that come anywhere near the strength of the Carrington event. The aurora australis lights up the sky over the southern Indian Ocean as seen from the ISS.(Supplied: NASA)On , the entire Canadian province of Quebec was plummeted into a blackout for 12 hours as a surge of power knocked out the electricity network.People were left without heating, and the train network and airport shut down.The solar storm also affected the power grids in the US and a number of satellites tumbled out of control for several hours.This space storm, dubbed the worst in the space age by NASA, was roughly about half the strength of a Carrington event. The solar wind collides with Earths magnetosphere, sending charged particles towards the poles.(NASA)But we are yet to see a superstorm in the digital age, says Sangeetha Abdu Jyothi, a computer scientist who studies internet resilience at the University of California, Irvine.The internets infrastructure was laid out in the past three decades, Dr Abdu Jyothi says.We had a lucky miss in 2012 when a superstorm of the same magnitude as a Carrington event missed Earth.And many scientists believe it is only a matter of time before our luck runs out.Suns cycle is ramping upThe Sun goes through cycles where sunspot activity increases roughly every 11 years when the poles flip.Were now about two years into the 25th cycle recorded since 1755.Dr Schunker says the solar maximum in this cycle is likely to occur around 2025 (give or take a year).That means that the Sun is becoming more and more magnetically active … and this is when flares and CMEs occur.LoadingNASA predicts that Cycle 25 will be relatively quiet, and even though there was a solar storm recently , its living up to that so far, Dr Schunker says.Its a bit slow, but its consistent with predicting a quiet cycle. Its not alarming.LoadingBut that doesnt mean we couldnt get hit by a big storm. The 2012 storm that missed Earth occurred in the last cycle, which was also predicted to be quiet.Most people do predict [this cycle] will be fairly quiet … but it doesnt mean that those conditions for a large CME or a large flare cant occur.Scientists are constantly monitoring activity on the Sun and the solar wind using spacecraft such as The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) and the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR).But once a CME is detected, we only have about 12 hours notice before it arrives at Earth, and less than an hour before we know how bad it will be.How Australia could be affectedAs the electrically charged particles hit the protective bubble surrounding our planet, they create turbulence in our upper atmosphere.This turbulence disturbs the signals used by satellites to communicate with Earth, affecting communications and GPS systems.The surge in electrical current could also damage satellites, and even cause them .Power lines and the long-distance undersea cables that form the backbone of the internet on Earth may also not cope with the massive spikes in electrical current. A solar storm can disrupt services that rely on satellites, GPS signals, power networks and long-distance cables, which form the backbone of the internet.(NASA)Along with causing power outages that affect our homes and businesses, a big hit could take out much of the technology we now take for granted.Were not going to have GPS positioning, were not going to have access to Google Maps or our phones, Dr Schunker says.People living at high latitude locations towards the north and south pole will be the worst affected.This is where the charged particles are directed down towards Earth, producing spectacular auroras.But it may not just be places that regularly see curtains of green and pink shimmering across the sky — like Tasmania — that will be hit. The aurora australis, also known as the southern lights, is a regular feature in Tasmanias sky.(ABC My Photo contributor )A solar storm in 1972 may actually have even been responsible for during the Vietnam War, Dr Schunker says.Vietnam is not at a high latitude, she says.I think that the effects in the higher atmosphere at low latitudes just hasnt been studied enough.Then in 2003, a series of superstorms about two-thirds the strength of the hit Earth around Halloween.At their peak they:caused aircraft to be rerouted;played havoc with many satellite and communication systems;shut down spacecraft;blacked out communications in Antarctica for more than five days;caused a power outage in Sweden for about an hourBut they didnt just affect high-latitude countries; they also burnt out transformers on South Africas power network.With growing evidence that a superstorm could affect mid- to low-latitude parts of the world — such as mainland Australia — scientists have begun looking more closely at mid-latitude countries as well.A looked at the impact of a storm of this scale on Tasmanias and Queenslands energy networks.It found that even though Queensland is further away from the poles than Tasmania, its slightly more vulnerable to a storm of this intensity.Thats because power lines in Queensland cover longer distances, and are predominantly aligned in an east-west direction in south-east Queensland.The internet has not been testedWhile modelling of the power networks across the world has been underway for decades, internet researchers and operators are mostly blind to the impact of a rare and hard-to-predict event, Dr Abdu Jyothi argues.Last year she presented on the global network.Her analysis suggests that while Australia is not likely to lose communication across the continent, we could be cut off from some parts of the world.Australia is connected to the rest of the world via long-distance cables that run under the Pacific Ocean to the US, as well as cables that run to Singapore. The undersea cable network forms the backbone of the internet.(Supplied: Telegeography)Long-distance undersea cables rely on repeaters, which are powered by an electrical line that runs along the length of the cable, to boost the signal.The vulnerability of submarine cables under large scale storms has not been studied in depth, so we dont know which of them would fail, she says.In the event of a large storm, Dr Abdu Jyothis analysis suggests Australia will likely stay connected to New Zealand, but lose direct contact with the US.If Australians need to access a service thats only in the US and the service is disrupted, then you basically cannot access that, she says.[But] the preliminary analysis shows the connection to Asia could remain.As weve seen with the Tonga volcano disaster, , or even months, to repair.But satellite communications would be faster to restore, says Dr Adbu Jyothi, who is also studying the resilience of satellite systems.One good thing with satellites is that if some parts of the globe are not affected, we could launch satellites from there, she says.If we have satellites and rockets ready, it takes only five days to get it operational.Then it will also need to be in contact with ground stations in unaffected areas to ensure it is working and in the right orbit, she adds.What content you can access will depend upon where the data centres are located, with companies in the high latitudes at greater risk of being affected by power outages.While some tech companies such as Google and Microsoft have data centres in Singapore, others such as Facebook are concentrated in the US, Dr Abdu Jyothi says.If [content providers] have their data centres in a more distributed fashion, they are more resilient, she says.But there is still much more work needed to understand just how much disruption to the internet a Carrington event could cause.In the past 30 years weve never had an instance of internet reset, where the whole system is shut down and has to come back up, Dr Abdu Jyothi says.Even when there are attacks which are targeting specific providers or specific services, a lot of dependent services [like hospitals and airlines] fail.We could handle the pandemic because we had good connectivity of the internet.A big hit could give us a taste of what life was like back in Samuel McGowans day.Find out how scientists are working to help us predict the next big solar event on Catalyst episode Solar Storms: A Warning from Space, at 8:30pm on March 1 on ABC TV and . 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000578_A000025	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/travel/destinations/usa/127915920/first-look-inside-disneys-new-star-wars-hotel-which-brings-guests-to-a-galaxy-far-far-away	NZL	This week, It will be an immersive – and quite expensive – two-night experience that makes visitors feel like they are aboard a spaceship in the Star Wars universe. We took a four-hour tour for media and many a gushing social media “influencer” who could only bring cell phones and small video cameras to document their trip in the spaceship that Disney calls the Halcyon. It opens March 1, and the whole month is already sold out – as are all but two days in April. With a two-night minimum stay, prices start at US$4809 (NZ$7114) for two adults and rise to more than US$6000 for a family of four, depending on the cabin. That includes all of your food, entertainment, a “port excursion” to visit the Star Wars land in Hollywood Studios, light saber training, droid racing and other activities. In comparison, a family of four can take a Disney cruise for under US$3000 or over US$7000 depending on the ship. It feels like a cruise ship on land, with a cast of characters who are skillful improv actors that interact with the guests aboard what they say is a recently remodelled 275-year-old ship that travels the galaxy. Han Solo and Princess Leia went on the Halcyon for their honeymoon, according to the Disney Imagineers.Sharon Kennedy Wynne/Tampa Bay Times/TNSA soulful singer named Gaya is the star of the stage show in the new hotel Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser. She is a Twi’lek, the characters with a large tail growing from their heads that were first seen in 1983s Return of the Jedi”. READ MORE: * * * With only 100 rooms, it is small by Disney standards in terms of capacity, but the main atrium and the ship’s flight deck are expansive. While most of the first two months are sold out, most of May is wide open, leading some to wonder if fans are holding back to see the reviews or if the prices will come down. Some Star Wars fans have been blasting the hotel on social media as overpriced and underwhelming. The starcruiser has a direct connection with Galaxy’s Edge, the US$1-billion land that opened at Disney’s Hollywood Studios in 2019.Sharon Kennedy Wynne/Tampa Bay Times/TNSThe main lobby, called the atrium in the new hotel Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser, is designed to look like you are aboard a luxury spaceship that travels around the galaxy. The theme park land, which was stylised with the help of George Lucas’ team, is called Black Spire Outpost on the planet of Batuu. It has a shabby-futuristic aesthetic that looks like it came right out of the films. But the starcruiser looks a lot slicker than the theme park. It maintains its theme by stylising its cabins on four “decks,” not hotel floors, and windows are all portholes looking into outer space. The only time you can see the Orlando sky is in a section called the “climate simulator,” said to be replicating the climate of the planet the Halcyon is visiting. So if it’s sunny in Orlando (and in Galaxy’s Edge), it’s sunny there. Guests can choose to work with the First Order or the Resistance, and that will affect their trip’s itinerary, which could include secret meetings with the captain or a menacing First Order officer who is plotting to take over the ship. There will be blocks of time set aside for light saber training and bridge training, where guests work as a team on consoles to operate weapons and the ship’s shields before a jump into hyperspace, with blue streaks whizzing across a giant screen.Sharon Kennedy Wynne/Tampa Bay Times/TNSGuests will get light saber training and also use glowing shields that both rumble in your hands when they connect with a laser beam from a training droid. Its all part of the experience at the new hotel Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser at Walt Disney World. It felt a lot like playing the old arcade game Pong, with a joystick to move your target across the enormous screen as you blast asteroids or TIE fighters. I got so competitive I actually broke my joystick. The spoils of war. In the light saber training session, the weapon hums and rumbles in your hands when you make contact with the laser beam shooting out at various angles. The group was set up in three rows that shifted to take turns at various parts of the training. The second line of guests got a glowing shield to back up the light saber wielder; it also rumbled in your hands if it caught any laser beams missed by the person with the light saber. Both the light saber and shield will be for sale in the gift shop, as will cloaks and Star Wars-themed fashions, tableware, toy starships and jewellery. The public will not be allowed to shop there. It is only for guests, said Cody Hampton, senior manager of brand merchandise for Lucasfilm, which partnered with Disney in the hotel’s creation. Characters like Chewbacca, Rey and Kylo Ren show up, along with a number of creatures and characters not seen in the original films. A soulful singer named Gaya is the star of the stage show. She is a Twi’lek, the characters with a large tail growing from their heads that were first seen in 1983's Return of the Jedi.Sharon Kennedy Wynne/Tampa Bay Times/TNSThe only time you can see the Orlando sky while at the new hotel Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser at Walt Disney World is in a section called the climate simulator”. The cast in the lively show moves throughout Crown of Corellia Dining Room, bringing the audience into the act. “We had to find a balance between being creative but also have normal flavours people like,” said culinary director Brian Piasecki. A breakfast tray, for example, has a waffle in the shape of the spaceship, an omelette that is rolled and sliced, and a potato hash brown cake that is topped with an egg, hollandaise sauce and a spiral of maple bacon that looks alien. The food and drinks are also stylised. Interplanetary dipping sauces are shaped like orbs, the shrimp is bright blue and spiral dumplings are called Tip Yip Chicken. There’s a blue cocktail called Hoth Frost, named for the icy planet. It is topped with a spun sugar slab of ice and lemon foam. Halcyon’s captain is portrayed as a worldly Pantoran, the blue-skinned sentient species who accompanied Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker during Clone Wars. There’s also a First Order officer who brings his cold presence to multiple moments of the experience, with Stormtroopers in tow. The ship and the theme park setting takes place after the events in 2017's The Last Jedi but before The Rise of Skywalker, when Kylo Ren fights alongside Rey in a climactic battle with Emperor Palpatine. Last year at the fan convention Destination D23, Disney fans were given a sneak peek of the Halcyon, but reactions to the video have not all been positive. Many have complained on social media. On the Disney Parks official YouTube site, there were more dislikes than likes on a video detailing the storyline of the hotel. Some complain that it’s too clean and sterile, and that Star Wars sets are usually beat up, with scorch marks on the wall and dents in the metal. Others said it looked too cheap for its high asking price, with simple unadorned cabins. Fans also complained that it focuses on the current films and leaves out the original movies and characters. Theme park expert Dennis Speigel, a consultant and CEO of International Theme Park Services, said he’s not surprised since Star Wars fans are among the most prickly and opinioned of all. But he has no doubt Disney will adjust elements over time to please the fans. Why such a high price? “Because they can,” Speigel quipped. “You have to think: You’ve got 43 years of legacy and die-hard fans who have been waiting for this,” he said. “It has limited capacity and will be sold out.” - Tampa Bay Times 
20220227_144857_zaf_C000607_A000032	www.deccanherald.com	https://www.deccanherald.com/city/life-in-bengaluru/bengaluru-astronomers-claim-to-disprove-findings-on-first-stars-formed-after-big-bang-1086345.html	ZAF	Researchers at the city-based Raman Research Institute (RRI) say they have conclusively refuted the claims of a signal being discovered by American researchers from the first stars found while studying the ‘cosmic dawn’. Theories about the birth of the first stars a few hundred million years after the big bang had created a stir in the global astronomical fraternity. The findings, published in the latest Nature Astronomy journal, restored confidence in the existing cosmological model of the universe. RRI astronomers who worked for close to four years inventing and building SARAS 3 radio telescope have refuted the findings of Arizona State University (ASU) and MIT scientists in the US. Also read: The birth of the universe has always been a subject of curiosity among astrophysicists, many of whom have put out theories to explain the phenomenon. However, the ASI/MIT team’s discovery had created a buzz and was hailed by many as worthy of the Nobel prize and called for confirmation by the independent observatories. The RRI’s SARAS 3 radio telescope is the first device in the world to reach the required sensitivity and conclusively refute the earlier findings. The experiment to design and build a precision radio telescope to detect extremely faint radio wave signals has been initiated and led by Prof Ravi Subrahmanyan and Prof N Udaya Shankar. The telescope has been designed to detect even the faint cosmological signals, particularly radiation emitted by hydrogen atoms at the 21-cm wavelength arising from the depths of the cosmos. “Earlier versions of SARAS were deployed initially at Timbaktu collective in Anantapur and subsequently in Ladakh,” explained Dr Saurabh Singh, a research scientist at RRI who led the data analysis. “SARAS 3 was floated on Dandiganahalli Lake and Sharavati backwaters in North Karnataka for data collection. The telescope did not find any evidence of the signal claimed by the ASU/MIT researchers. “The presence of the signal was rejected after a careful assessment of the measurement uncertainties. The findings further implied that the detection of ASU/MIT researchers was likely contamination of their measurement and not a signal from the depths of space and time,” Dr Singh clarified. Astronomers still do not know what the actual signal looks like. “SARAS 3 is now geared towards discovering the true nature of the cosmic dawn. The team at RRI is planning more observations on remote lakes in India. These expeditions will allow us to detect the 21-cm signal from the cosmic dawn and unravel the last remaining gap in the history of the universe,” a scientist said. Check out latest videos from DH: 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000615_A000003	www.nzherald.co.nz	https://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/covid-19-omicron-outbreak-nearly-20000-new-community-cases-373-people-in-hospital-ashley-bloomfield/4EF4OC6PU65R4UHF6A4Y7STBLM/	NZL	March 1 2022 There are nearly 20,000 new community cases of Covid-19 today, with 373 people in hospital, nine of whom are in ICU, and just under 100,000 active cases.OMICRON OUTBREAK LATEST* * * * * There are nearly 20,000 new community cases of Covid-19 today, with 373 people in hospital, including nine in ICU, director general of health Dr Ashley Bloomfield said.Speaking at a 1pm media briefing, Bloomfield also confirmed there are 99,859 active cases in the community, meaning 2 per cent of all New Zealanders are now considered to have Covid-19.Covid-19 is a very different foe to what it was in the beginning of the pandemic, Bloomfield said.For most people, Covid-19 will be a mild to moderate illness that can be managed quite safely at home.A total of 19,566 new cases were confirmed on Tuesday - a new daily record - with Bloomfield conceding that PCR testing capacity was not keeping up with demand last week.In Counties Manukau, 5.3 per cent of the population are active cases (30,801 of 578,650).Pooling samples - testing one sample in a pool - was less feasible when the positivity rate was higher. Last Thursday, Bloomfield said, 17 of 20 DHBs recorded positivity rates of more than 5 per cent, which was unheard of a month ago.The swift increase of the positivity rate meant that pooling of samples was no longer being done, he said.Lab workers testing positive and limited supply of reagents also played a role in overestimating the testing network, he said.Bloomfield apologised for the roughly 32,000 testing samples that had been delayed in processing for more than a week. These were mostly in Auckland but also in the Bay of Plenty.Our labs are committed to processing all those tests, Bloomfield said.About 12,000 had been re-tested via PCR or RAT testing, he added. Some of the results, when they are returned, may be less sensitive than usual due to the delay.The delays could have been minimised if the issues had been recognised sooner, he said. About 9000 tests were sent to Queensland over the weekend to help clear the backlog.Using rapid antigen tests (RATs) has meant the pressure on testing capacity has been eased in recent days, Bloomfield said.Were addressing the situation.Asked about overestimating the testing capacity, Bloomfield said being unable to pool samples meant the expected surge capacity of 70,000 results a day could not be met.Unpooled capacity was meant to hit 59,000 tests a day by the end of March - though the demand has not reached that high yet. The backlog had hit 50,000 at one point, he said.He said he first realised the delay in the last week. Delays shouldnt happen anymore due to the use of RATs.Its not going to make a huge difference in our case numbers each day.Anyone who had a PCR test on February 23 or earlier and are still waiting for a result should contact healthline for advice. All affected will be sent a test message today.Where to find RATsBloomfield said over five million RATs had been distributed in the system, and there are 12 million held centrally.The challenge is distribution, with some of the logistics networks staff being affected by the outbreak.People getting RATs should also be given tests for their household members, he said.RAT kits for use at home have been available at community testing centres, and can even be bought in retail outlets and be home-delivered, Bloomfield said.Anyone who needs RATs because theyre a case or a household contact or are part of the critical worker scheme can access them for free through a range of places.Hospital stays half the length of DeltaOf the 373 cases in hospital, four are in Northland, 63 in North Shore, 134 in Middlemore, 115 in Auckland, 23 in Waikato 10 in Bay of Plenty, three in Rotorua, two in Tairawhiti, one in Hawkes Bay, one in Taranaki, three in MidCentral, five in Hutt Valley, three in Capital and Coast, one in Nelson Marlborough, four in Canterbury and one in Southern DHB.The average age of current hospitalisations is 52, the Ministry of Health said in a statement.According to Bloomfield, the average length of stay in Auckland hospitals is 2.2 days - half of the length of stay during the Delta outbreak: People are mostly not needing respiratory support.Hospitals around the country are at 80 per cent occupancy, while ICU units are at 57 per cent occupancy.Most people with Omicron can be looked after at home, Bloomfield said, and 54 per cent of people notified by text that they are a case have followed up with a case investigation form online.He asked people to continue to wear masks, socially distance, and to stay home if unwell.The next few weeks are going to be tough.Asked about the breakdown of Delta and Omicron cases in hospital, Bloomfield said there was a lag in whole-genome sequencing of those in hospital - but the data was coming.He said symptoms were similar - cough, scratchy throat, runny nose, body aches - regardless of whether people are boosted, but if they are boosted then their symptoms will generally not be as severe.There have been gastro-tummy symptoms, particularly in children, Bloomfield said. Loss of smell or taste didnt seem to be a symptom of Omicron.The hospitalisation rate - the number of cases in hospital and the number of active cases - was well under 1 per cent. Seventy to 80 per cent of cases in Middlemore Hospital had Covid symptoms and were treated at hospital for those symptoms, while the rest were in hospital for other reasons.Bloomfield expected a reasonably even distribution of the Omicron sub-variants BA.1 and BA.2, and the vaccine was just as effective against both.He said the 10-day isolation period for cases and household contacts was being looked at, and advice would be given to ministers soon. The period could drop to seven days.Hospitals in Auckland were really good at infection prevention control, so most of the health workers who are infected were probably infected in the community, he said.The proportion of cases in Auckland now will probably be replicated around the country in coming weeks, he said.It gives the rest of the country to learn from the Auckland experience.Its possible that there will be a peak in Auckland and then in the rest of the country, he added.It will be very interesting to see where we settle. Were planning to expect a baseline level of infection going into winter.The vaccination statuses of those in the Northern Region in hospital are 13.4 per cent unvaccinated or not eligible; 2.1 per cent partially immunised; 39.8 per cent fully vaccinated and 26.1 per cent not known.Asked about health workers absent because of the outbreak, Bloomfield said that was something the system has been preparing for.We still want to try and keep that peak as low as possible.He said Middlemore Hospital was down 15 to 20 per cent of staff due to the outbreak - either being cases or looking after others.Theyve got plans in place to move staff around ... the wind-back of planned care will be temporary while they need to focus on people who are acutely unwell.Bloomfield said the ministry was looking at a number of issues once the Omicron peak has passed, including how useful a two-dose vaccine pass is, and the traffic light system in general.Suppliers, growers, manufacturers feeling pinch - CountdownNearly a thousand Countdown staff are off work - either isolating with Covid-19, or as a household contact.The supermarket chain told Newstalk ZB its Auckland stores are down 10 per cent in team numbers, with a roughly 45 per cent drop in the citys two distribution centres.Spokesperson Kiri Hannifin says many suppliers, growers and manufacturers are feeling the same impact.Hannifin says theyre prioritising getting key lines and essentials into stores, and customers may not always see their favourite brands or products.Fewer online order delivery slots will be available - and some customers will see more substitutions in their orders.Meanwhile, four Whanau HQ Care Hubs have been set up in Auckland to take pressure off the citys stretched emergency departments.The hubs – two in South Auckland, one on the North Shore and one in West Auckland – are for people who have tested positive for Covid-19 and their isolating whanau and require urgent non-Covid-19 related care.The centres will be staffed by GPs and nurses with experience dealing in urgent care. The service is free and can be accessed by appointment only between 8am and 8pm, seven days a week.Protest calls irresponsibleIt was irresponsible for those in the occupation of Parliament - now into its fourth week - to tell people to shun public health advice, Bloomfield said.Masks are incredibly important. Please keep using them to protect yourself and others.He asked Wellingtonians to stay away from the protest due to the risk of infection and called those in the occupation an incredibly small minority - given that 97 per cent of eligible people had had at least one dose.A number of people unwilling to take Pfizer or AstraZeneca had been waiting for Novavax, which ministers have now approved for use, with first shipments expected later this month, Bloomfield said.Less than 10,000 had taken up AstraZeneca so far, he said, and he described Novavax as a good vaccine.There remained good evidence to stay with a largely Pfizer-based vaccine programme, he added.Halls of residence at universities were potentially super-spreader venues, Bloomfield added, though he was encouraged by the actions of educational institutes to try and prevent infections.Daily press conferences backDaily press conferences with health bosses and ministers returned today as Omicron case numbers continue to soar and the country sits in the worst phase of the outbreak exactly two years after the virus first wormed its way in.With the exception of Mondays update to be given during the Prime Ministers usual 4pm post Cabinet press conference, the remaining briefings will be held at the familiar 1pm time.Bloomfield will hold the briefings on Tuesdays and Thursdays, along with other health officials to provide health information. Covid-19 Response Minister Chris Hipkins will host on Wednesdays and different ministers will take turns on Friday, when it will be done from Auckland.Yesterday the country recorded 14,633 new community cases of Covid-19 in New Zealand, bringing the total number of cases since the pandemic began to 100,000.There were now so many new community cases every day that the Government is now scrapping the requirement for Kiwis flying in from overseas to isolate at home for seven days.For arrivals from Australia, they will be able to head straight into the community from 11.59pm on Wednesday. For arrivals from the rest of the world, it will start from 11.59pm on Friday.The border will also now likely for non-Kiwis than what the Government has previously outlined, currently scheduled for July for those flying from Australia, and for October for the rest of the world.Earlier today, the Government announced that the Novavax vaccine will be available for Kiwis aged 18 and over, with the first doses expected to arrive later this month.In a late-night social media post, Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has recalled being called about New Zealands first Covid-19 case two years ago, saying she knew it was the beginning of a big battle.Since receiving that call while speaking with the Prime Minister of Australia in 2020, Ardern said the world has fundamentally been changed by the pandemic.But in amongst all of the really tough times, I still hope the team of five million know that they made a difference.Meanwhile, a key health adviser to the Government is warning people to get ready for some difficult days in the next month as Covid cases continue to rise.Strategic Covid-19 public health advisory group chairman professor Sir David Skegg said not only would an increase in cases continue to put pressure on the health system, but businesses would be disrupted and peoples social lives were also being impaired.There will be - there already is - considerable pressure on our health system so the next few weeks are going to be very challenging.He told RNZ he was not alarmed by the current case numbers, but also didnt know when the outbreak would peak.Speaking on only 70 per cent of eligible people in New Zealand being boosted, Skegg said while he would like to see it up to 100 per cent he was reassured that it was much higher for older people who were the most vulnerable.He urged people to get boosted now and said there was still time for people to do it because the majority of people still hadnt been infected.There are growing concerns that protest scenes across the country pose a risk of becoming superspreader events.Yesterday afternoon during a press conference, Ardern said the protest was part of the outbreak, calling it Covid camp and advising that nobody go near it.Some 17 people who entered the protest area have been infected with Covid but the actual numbers are expected to be much higher due to the reluctance of those involved to get tested.There are concerns protests in Auckland and Christchurch could also be high-transmission locations.Ardern said despite the Wellington protest entering its third week, Parliament had continued to operate safely.Parliament was moving to hybrid settings but this was due to the outbreak, not the protest.But one of the groups behind the protest has warned it will initiate mass non-compliance across the country from today if the Government did not end all vaccine mandates by 10am today.If the Government is not lifting mandates today, we the people will lift them! a post on the Freedom and Rights Coalition Facebook page said.The group is threatening united non-compliance across the country, encouraging people to act as if Covid restrictions and mandates no longer exist.People who lost their jobs due to vaccination orders are encouraged to return to work, as well as ignore other traffic light restrictions such as venue capacity limits, scanning in and the use of masks. 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000615_A000033	vervetimes.com	https://vervetimes.com/the-birds-and-the-bees-meaning-and-origin-of-the-phrase/	NZL	The phrase “the birds and the bees” is a term used to explain the mechanics of reproduction to younger children, relying on the imagery of bees pollinating and eggs hatching to substitute for a more technical explanation of sexual intercourse. It is a way of deflecting the inevitable question that every parent dreads: “Where do babies come from?” and it is an alternative to the explanation that the stork delivers babies. It is uncertain when the phrase was first used or how it gained popularity. It does not necessarily mean that parents are explaining how birds and bees reproduce. The connection between human sexuality and eggs and pollination is vague, which can cause some confusion among curious children. Though there are some variations, the story typically involves bees pollinating flowers, symbolizing male fertilization, and the birds laying eggs, which equates to female ovulation. In another telling of the story, a baby is created when a bee stings a bird. Literary and musical references There are quite a few allusions to the phrase in literature and song. One of the early references to this bird and bees as a euphemism for reproduction is Samuel Taylor Coleridge’s 1825 poem, ““: “All Nature seems at work. Slugs leave their lair — The bees are stirring — birds are on the wing — And Winter, slumbering in the open air, Wears on his smiling face a dream of Spring! And I, the while, the sole unbusy thing, Nor honey make, nor pair, nor build, nor sing.” Another commonly cited use of the phrase is American naturalist John Burroughs’ 1875 set of essays, “.” These were attempts to provide children with simple explanations of nature, but there is no attempt at sex education. Dr. Emma Frances Angell Drake described the birds and bees in a section of the publication “The Story of Life,” which was widely distributed between 1893 and 1930. In her explanation of reproduction to her young daughters, she used images of blue eggs in the robin’s nest, the wind blowing pollen dust from one plant to the other, and bees gathering honey from the flowers. A more direct reference can be found in to the 1928 song “Let’s Do It.” “It is nature, that’s all Simply telling us to fall in love And that’s why birds do it, bees do it Even educated fleas do it Let’s do it, let’s fall in love” The phrase also appeared in a 1939 issue of the “Freeport Journal Standard”: “A Frenchman was born sophisticated: he knows about the birds and the bees. In consequence, French films are made on a basis of artistic understanding that does not hamper the story.” A more modern reference to the phrase occurred on “The Simpsons.” episode Homer vs. Patty and Selma, first broadcast in 1995, according to The episode includes a scene has 10-year-old Bart Simpson remarking to his friend Milhouse, “The Sun is out, birds are singing, bees are trying to have sex with them — as is my understanding …” Additional resources Read more about the history of the phrase “the birds and the bees” with this article from . Explore an age-by-age guide to teaching kids about the birds and the bees with this informative article from Check out five of the best books for explaining the birds and the bees with this article from . Bibliography Kathleen Kelleher, Los Angeles Times, ” “. 2000. Gary Martin, Phrase Finder “The birds and the bees”, . Burroughs, John. Vol. 1. Houghton, Mifflin and Company, 1887. Davidson, Graham. ““. The Wordsworth Circle 45.1 (2014): 21-29. Amy Lang’s Tips and tools to start the sex talks. 
20220227_144857_mys_C000623_A000030	www.liverpoolecho.co.uk	https://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/jurgen-klopp-liverpool-squad-six-23245415	MYS	Liverpool’s players and staff were celebrating on Sunday night after they claimed the Carabao Cup. The to conclude a dramatic evening at the home of English football. The victory handed their ninth League Cup, and it is the first time the Reds have claimed the trophy for 10 years. And it now means six members of squad can do something all their team-mates have already been allowed to do. READ MORE: COMMENT: Speaking back in 2016, boss Klopp revealed he had forbidden his players from touching the iconic This Is Anfield sign - until they had claimed a piece of silverware at the club. He said: Ive told my players not to touch the This Is Anfield sign until they win something. Its a sign of respect. I touched it when I was manager of Borussia Dortmund but we lost 4-0. Of course most members of Liverpool’s squad have already won silverware with the club, following an impressive few seasons. Liverpool Echo 28th February - Carabao Cup winners supplement Match report, analysis, comment and fan reaction from our Carabao Cup title win Click on the link to order Liverpool Echo - 5th March - League Cup History supplement Features photos, match reports, analysis and iconic photos from every match in our 9 League cup victories Click on the link to order League Cup Bundle Save 20% on the cover price when you order both supplements Simply click the link to order Carabao Cup 22 Winners Special Magazine As well as all the best action and celebration shots – and reaction from the boss and his players. . First, the Reds claimed the back in 2019, before Liverpool were finally crowned Premier League champions a year later. But recent signings Kostas Tsimikas, , Diogo Jota, Kaide Gordon, Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz were all yet to win a trophy with the Reds before yesterday. However all six players can now join their fellow team-mates by touching the famous This Is Anfield sign after Sundays win. 
20220227_144857_eth_C000625_A000034	petapixel.com	https://petapixel.com/2022/02/28/james-webb-space-telescope-captures-first-photo-with-aligned-mirrors/	ETH	The James Webb Space Telescope has reached another major milestone in its mirror alignment process as the team has worked through the second and third phases of the process and completed Segment Alignment. Completed Segment Alignment Earlier this month, NASA shared the by the James Webb Space Telescope and while the moment was impressive, the actual quality of the photo was far from complete. It depicted a mosaic of 18 randomly organized dots of starlight, which were created by reflecting light from the same star back at Webb’s misaligned secondary mirror. This would serve as the starting point from which the team would focus its efforts on properly aligning those dots. “The team’s challenge was twofold: confirm that NIRCam was ready to collect light from celestial objects, and then identify starlight from the same star in each of the 18 primary mirror segments,” NASA explains. This hexagonal image array captured by the NIRCam instrument shows the progress made during the Segment Alignment phase, further aligning Webb’s 18 primary mirror segments and secondary mirror using precise movements commanded from the ground. | Credit: NASA/STScI Now with the second and third stages of the process out of seven , the 18 scattered dots of the Webb telescope’s signature hexagonal formation are more refined and aligned. The completion of this process, known as Segment Alignment according to NASA, was a key step prior to overlapping the light from all the mirrors so that they can work in unison. This gif shows the “before” and “after” images from Segment Alignment, when the team corrected large positioning errors of its primary mirror segments and updated the alignment of the secondary mirror. | Credit: NASA/STScI Focus Stacking 18 Segments NASA says that once Segment Alignment was achieved, the focused dots reflected by each mirror segment were stacked on top of each other and combined on the same location on the Webb’s NIRCam’s sensor. The team activated sets of six mirrors at a time and commanded them to repoint their light to overlap until all the starlight was overlapped with each other. The result is the image below, which shows significant progress from the state of the images coming out of Webb . During this phase of alignment known as Image Stacking, individual segment images are moved so they fall precisely at the center of the field to produce one unified image instead of 18. In this image, all 18 segments are on top of each other. After future alignment steps, the image will be even sharper. | Credit: NASA/STScI “We still have work to do, but we are increasingly pleased with the results we’re seeing,” Lee Feinberg, optical telescope element manager for Webb at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, says. “Years of planning and testing are paying dividends, and the team could not be more excited to see what the next few weeks and months bring.” Even though the segments are properly aligned, each of the mirror segments are still acting as 18 small telescopes instead of one big one, as is the final intent. NASA says that these segments now need to be lined up to each other with an accuracy smaller than a the wavelength of light. The next step, phase four of seven, is known as Coarse Phasing, where the NIRCam will be used to capture light spectra from 20 separate pairings of the mirror segments. “[Coarse Phasing] helps the team identify and correct vertical displacement between the mirror segments, or small differences in their heights,” NASA explains. “This will make the single dot of starlight progressively sharper and more focused in the coming weeks.” Image credits: NASA/STScI 
20220227_144857_bwa_C000633_A000011	www.azernews.az	https://www.azernews.az/nation/189953.html	BWA	By Vugar Khalilov Members of the Nizami Ganjavi International Center (NGIC) has urged Russia and Ukraine to begin peace talks in Baku, Trend has reported. We, as members of the Nizami Ganjavi International Centre (NGIC), headquartered in Baku, Azerbaijan, call for urgent dialogue between Russia and Ukraine with a view to ending the hostilities immediately. Time is of the essence. The situation becomes worse and more people lose their lives with every moment that passes. Too many innocent lives are being lost and this situation cannot be allowed to continue, the centre said in its statement. The horrific pandemic that has claimed millions of lives and destroyed livelihoods, as well as entire communities and economies, has had a significant impact on the planet over the last two years, according to the statement, and nations can only overcome this problem through collective collaboration. Yet just as hopes were rising of reaching a post-pandemic state, our world was shocked again, on 24 February, when Russia’s military began new moves across Ukraine’s border. The implications are serious for all, particularly for those losing their lives on both sides and those fleeing across borders,” it added. The implications of the conflict on the global economys ability to recover from the epidemic will be among the numerous negative consequences. The devastating consequences are already being felt and will have long-term, painful consequences, the center said. We acknowledge and appreciate the call of the president of Azerbaijan to host both parties for peace discussions in Baku, Azerbaijan. Baku is a neutral venue for such discussions, having already been a platform for a meeting of top Russian and NATO generals for talks on preventing military incidents. We fervently hope the parties will accept this offer and that Baku can play an important role in solving this biggest security crisis which Europe has faced since the end of World War Two, the statement stressed. The Nizami Ganjavi International Center was established at a special meeting held in Nizami Ganjavi poets hometown of Ganja as part of the 870th anniversary of the birth of great Azerbaijani poet on 30 September 2012. Continuing its activities with the Azerbaijani presidents support, this international non-governmental organization brings together former heads of state and government, foreign ministers and prominent international scholars from more than 50 foreign countries. The main governing body is the Board of Trustees, which consists of influential public and political figures from around the world. The board includes 18 former leaders. The center also includes 53 prominent members from 25 countries in Europe, six from three countries in the Americas, 15 from 12 countries in Asia and five from four countries in Africa. The co-chairs of the Center are the former President of the Republic of Latvia (1999–2007), Vaira Vike-Freiberga and the former Vice-President of the World Bank (1992–2000), Dr. Ismail Serageldin. -- Follow us on Twitter 
20220227_144857_aus_C000642_A000013	www.abc.net.au	https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-03-01/ukraine-ambassador-us-russia-used-vacuum-bomb-cluster-munitions/100870638	AUS	Russia has been accused of attacking Ukrainians with cluster bombs and vacuum bombs, weapons that have been condemned by a variety of international organisations.Key points:Vacuum bombs suck the oxygen from the lungs of anyone in the vicinityAlso known as thermobaric warheads, they are far more powerful than conventional explosivesAmnesty International says the use of inherently indiscriminate weapons such as cluster munitions is prohibitedAmnesty International and Human Rights Watch both said that Russian forces appeared to have used widely banned cluster munitions, with Amnesty accusing them of attacking a preschool in north-eastern Ukraine while civilians took shelter inside.Oksana Markarova, Ukraines ambassador to the United States, told reporters after meeting with members of the US Congress that Russia had used a thermobaric weapon, known as a vacuum bomb, in its invasion of her country.They used the vacuum bomb today, Ms Markarova said.A vacuum bomb uses oxygen from the surrounding air to generate a high-temperature explosion, producing a lethal shock wave and sucking the oxygen from the lungs of anyone in the vicinity.The bombs, also known as thermobaric warheads, typically produce a blast wave of a significantly longer duration than that of a conventional explosive and are capable of vaporising human bodies.There has been no official confirmation that thermobaric weapons have been used in the conflict in Ukraine.Ms Markarova said Ukraine was working actively with the US to obtain more weapons and tougher sanctions.They [Russia] should pay, they should pay a heavy price, she said.Democratic Representative Brad Sherman, who was in the meeting, said the Ukrainians had asked for a US-enforced no-fly zone over Ukraine, but he felt that was too dangerous because it could provoke conflict with Russia.Vacuum bombs not new Russian troops move towards the major cities of Kyiv and Kharkiv, while shelling continues in Chernihiv and Zhytomyr.(ABC News)For days there have been reports that Russian TOS-1 rocket launchers had mobilised in eastern Ukraine and had been seen near the city of Kharkiv.They are able to launch up to 30 rockets armed with vacuum bombs.CNN reported that one of its teams had spotted a Russian thermobaric multiple rocket launcher near the Ukrainian border early on Saturday afternoon.White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said she had seen reports but did not have confirmation that Russia had used such weapons.If that were true, it would potentially be a war crime, she told a press briefing, noting that there were international organisations that would assess that and President Joe Bidens administration would look to be a part of that conversation.Smaller thermobaric weapons can also be used in close combat fighting, while larger versions can be deployed from attack aircraft.These kinds of weapons have been around for a while: American forces used thermobaric weapons in Vietnam, and they were also used in Afghanistan to attack the mountainous Tora Bora region.Russian forces deployed them in the Chechnya conflict more than two decades ago.Read more on Russias invasion of Ukraine:When can vacuum bombs be used?Unlike cluster munitions, vacuum bombs are not prohibited weapons under international law. But their lawful deployment depends on what they are used to attack, international law expert Professor Ben Saul from the University of Sydney told the ABC.If, for example, they were used in a densely populated urban area where you knew there were likely to be civilians, the shock wave or blast effects of the weapon were sufficiently extensive that they would hit those civilians, then that would be unlawful and that would be a war crime, he said.The other rule, which would be particularly relevant, is a rule against launching indiscriminate attacks which means attacks … likely to strike military and civilian targets alike in the same place.Professor Saul said there were situations where attacking targets with vacuum bombs would be clearly lawful.If you were using them in open countryside, against a formation of Ukrainian armoured vehicles or tanks and there are clearly no civilians [about], that would absolutely be a lawful use of the weapon, he said.If youve got enemy soldiers or emplacements underground in tunnels or bunkers, using weapons like that is one way of destroying those structures through blast and depriving them of oxygen.A simple kinetic attack with conventional explosive will just not do the same job.Because of the way in which vacuum bombs kill people, there would likely be a move towards banning them, Professor Saul believes.Of course, all weapons are awful, but at least with a bullet or fragmentation, like explosives, at least youve got a shot at treating it medically, he said.Whereas the kind of organ damage you see from these weapons are just so horrific and it makes medical treatment very difficult.Cluster bombs kills sheltering civiliansSpace to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Videos uploaded to social media video showed residential areas in Kharkiv being shelled on Monday.Since invading, Russian forces have targeted schools in four attacks, including using a cluster bomb to strike a preschool where civilians were hiding, according to Amnesty International.Three people, including a child, were killed in the attack on the town of Okhtyrka, in north-east Ukraine.Amnesty cited drone footage of the scene that shows that cluster munitions struck at least seven locations on or near the building, four on the roof and three on the pavement immediately outside the school.There is a logistics storage yard 300 metres north of the school that may have been the intended target of the attack, Amnesty said.But the unguided and notoriously inaccurate weapons should never be used in civilian areas, Amnesty International secretary-general Agnčs Callamard said.There is no possible justification for dropping cluster munitions in populated areas, let alone near a school, she said.This attack bears all the hallmarks of Russias use of this inherently indiscriminate and internationally banned weapon and shows flagrant disregard for civilian life.Ms Callamard wants the cluster bomb attacks investigated as war crimes.It is stomach-turning to see an indiscriminate attack on a nursery and kindergarten where civilians are seeking safe haven, she said.Amnesty International said international humanitarian law prohibited the use of inherently indiscriminate weapons such as cluster munitions.Launching indiscriminate attacks that kill or injure civilians constitutes a war crime.LoadingABC/Reuters 
20220227_144857_isr_C000647_A000017	www.dailymaverick.co.za	https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2022-02-28-south-african-companies-and-business-leaders-caught-in-the-russia-ukraine-crossfire/	ISR	JSE counters with even a remote connection to the Russia-Ukraine conflict have taken a pounding in the past week as gun-shy investors decided they were not worth the risk. Leading the fall was Prosus, which plunged almost 20% over the week, followed closely by holding company Naspers, which has fallen by almost 17%. Industrials like Mondi and Barloworld, which have big investments in Russia, have fallen by 8% and 13.73%, respectively. Property firm Nepi Rockcastle, which is not directly invested in Russia but has about 80% of its property portfolio invested in countries bordering Ukraine, fell by 10% last week. On the other hand, platinum group metal (PGM) stocks are surging as the market anticipates that local miners could benefit if Russian PGM sources are embargoed. In this regard, Impala is leading the charge with a 19.8% rally over the past week, but Anglo Platinum, Sibanye, Harmony and Gold Fields have also surged. The economies of Russia and Ukraine are small in global economic terms, with Russia contributing 1.8% of global GDP, and Ukraine generating 0.2% (relative to SA’s 0.4% and the US’s 24.7%), but both countries tend to punch above their weight in terms of their contribution to the supply of commodities, says Peter Little, a fund manager with Anchor Fund Management. As it is, global commodity prices have been drifting higher through the year as economic activity normalises with easing pandemic restrictions, increasing demand at a time when supply chains are still somewhat disrupted. Anglo American Platinum, Impala, Northam and Sibanye could all benefit from potentially higher PGM prices. “Russia accounts for 14% of primary platinum supply and 44% of primary palladium supply,” Little says. “This means that Russian supply of PGMs, particularly palladium, which remains in a deficit, could drive those metals further into deficits in the short term,” he says. South 32, the Perth-based mining and metals company that was spun out of BHP Billiton in May 2015, generates more than 50% of its revenue and operating profit from bauxite, alumina and aluminium. After reaching a 13-year high in 2021, the aluminium price has reached an all-time high in 2022, he adds. Once again, sanctions and supply constraints have raised investor fears. China, the world’s biggest producer, has seen restricted production as a result of energy issues and pollution fears. And while the Russian company Rusal produces about 6% of global supply, one does not know the impact of sanctions on this supply. “What we do know is that when the US placed sanctions on Rusal in 2018, aluminium prices rose by 30% in response. Sanctions on Rusal were later lifted in 2019,” Little says. On the oil front, prices have risen following an unusually cold Northern Hemisphere winter, which has increased demand for energy commodities at the same time as global economies are returning to normal. “Concerns around energy supply from Russia will keep the prices of energy commodities elevated for now. This may be mitigated by the release of strategic reserves by major global economies,” he says, adding that sanctions are unlikely to target companies exporting oil and gas from Russia. Of course, when it comes to higher oil prices, Sasol is a direct beneficiary – but South African motorists aren’t, of course. Perhaps the two counters most affected are Mondi and Barloworld, given that both companies have material investments in the region. Russia makes up 12% of Mondi’s production, while it generates 9% of its revenue from customers located in Russia. “At least there are balancing factors at play here. And at least this is a sector that appears not to be affected by sanctions, but we don’t know what is happening at an operational level.” At Barloworld, the exposure is greater, with about 27% of operating profit coming from Russia and Mongolia. “Management noted in the recent FY21 results that it has an abundance of brownfield and greenfield projects in Russia and Mongolia, which would continue to drive good operational performance in both regions,” says Little. “We think that if there is violent conflict in the region, Barloworld could be impacted if some of these greenfield and brownfield projects are cancelled because of the ensuing conflict in the region. We suspect Barloworld’s Russian operations/projects will be more impacted than Mongolia, as Mongolia is slightly further away from Ukraine.” Prosus, with its much-celebrated investments in fast-growing but politically less stable emerging markets, has not escaped unscathed either – although the Russian influence is negligible. It has two investments in Russia, representing about 4% of its net asset value, says Little. This comprises its 27% stake in what was originally known as Mail.ru and is now rebranded as VK. This accounts for just 0.3% of Group NAV. A 100% stake in Avito, which comprises part of the Online Classifieds vertical within the Ecommerce division (the unlisted “rump”, as most consider it), accounts for about 3.5% of NAV. “These are rounding errors in Prosus’ valuation. Of far greater significance is China’s sympathy with Russia’s approach to its neighbours’ sovereignty,” he says. “Chinese tech conglomerate, Tencent, accounts for about 80% of the NAV of Naspers/Prosus, and so if China were to do anything that shows increasing support for Russia’s military intervention, it may also risk being the subject of western sanctions, which would have a significantly bigger impact on Naspers/Prosus than the impact from exposure to direct investments in Russia.” However, he adds, this is not the base case. Other companies with operations in Russia include British American Tobacco and Richemont. It’s not just JSE-listed companies with investments in eastern Europe that are affected, but the directors of JSE-listed companies are too. Gareth Penny is the non-executive chair of Norilsk Nickel, or Nornickel, the world’s largest producer of nickel and palladium and a leading producer of platinum and copper, which is listed on the Moscow Exchange. He is also chairperson of asset manager Ninety One. It remains to be seen whether the sanctions on Russia, and on Russian companies, will prompt him to resign from either position. DM/BM 
20220227_144857_isr_C000647_A000029	www.bloodyelbow.com	https://www.bloodyelbow.com/2022/2/28/22955120/putin-suspended-as-honorary-president-of-international-judo-federation-following-ukraine-invasion	ISR	Following his invasion of Ukraine, Russian president Vladimir Putin has been suspended as honorary president of the International Judo Federation. “In light of the ongoing war conflict in Ukraine, the International Judo Federation announces the suspension of Mr Vladimir Putin’s status as Honorary President and Ambassador of the International Judo Federation,” the IJF said in a statement. Putin, a blackbelt and former judo champion, is believed to have been a longtime practitioner of the sport, and even co-authored a book titled “Judo: History, Theory, Practice.” In 2008, he released a judo instructional DVD to celebrate his 56th birthday. The DVD was a collaborative effort with other judo practitioners, including former world and Olympic champion Yasuhiro Yamashita. The IJF also announced that it had cancelled an upcoming event in Kazan, Russia next May. “The International Judo Federation announces with regret the cancellation of the 2022 Grand Slam in Kazan, Russia,” IJF President Marius Vizer said. It is also worth noting that Arkady Rotenberg, an influential oligarch and longtime friend of Putin, remains on the IJF executive committee as “development manager.” 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000659_A000019	www.thedrive.com	https://www.thedrive.com/news/44499/theres-a-1-2-million-ford-gt-for-sale-that-will-burn-your-eyes-out	NZL	The Ford GT has been a noteworthy halo vehicle for the company since the current generation vehicle dropped in 2017. Demand was high and production limited, and Ford even took the extraordinary step of preventing owners from reselling their vehicles . Years down the track, its easier to lay your hands on one, and a striking example has just been listed for sale. Buyers beware though - the color scheme on this car is not one for the faint-hearted, as reported . As listed on , the 2020 model Ford GT Signature Series was originally finished in white with blue racing stripes, a fairly conventional choice. However, the original owner soon commissioned an original livery from Camilo Pardo, designer of the first-generation Ford GT, to ape the third-place finisher of Fords historic 1966 Le Mans victory. That car was the #5 GT40 MKII entered by Holman and Moody and driven by Ronnie Bucknum and Dick Hutcherson, which eventually finished twelve laps down on the fellow Ford entries that took first and second place.As seen when it was last auctioned for $9,795,000 in 2018, the original 1966 race car was only slightly garish, having pink flashes on the front of the car around the headlights and a patch down the side. Otherwise, it was mostly just a gold car with some white details and green wheels.However, the paint scheme that ended up on the new Ford GT was a little edgier than its inspiration. Paint is the operative word too — the car was resprayed, rather than the more typical decision of using a wrap to allow the factory finish to remain untouched. The base color is called Atomic Gold, and is rather a different shade than the original 1966 vehicle.Its paired with thick pink stripes around the headlights and on the haunches of the vehicle, outlined in black in a way that creates more of a 1970s feel. The #5 is present on the hood and doors in a futuristic font, splashed on a white roundel which is paired with complementary white stripes on the sides. The 20 HRE wheels have green centers to match the original racer, though without the red knock-off hub nuts to provide contrast. The result is a rather striking and garish livery that will only appeal to very specific tastes. If youre in love with the interplay of pink and gold, or if you just cant get enough of people that finish third, this could be the car for you. The car is listed with just 975 miles on the clock, with lightly-modified seat cushions to make room for drivers up to 65 tall. Being a 2020 model, it also benefits from upgrades that boosted power to 660 horsepower along with a broader torque band. Theres also a lighter factory exhaust developed by Akrapovic, and improved suspension settings for Track mode that increase stiffness when driving on the limit. Factory-original wheels and seat cushions are included with the sale. Prices for Ford GTs have on the used market; this example is listed with an asking price of $1.2 million. If it was in my dealership, Id be wishing it was a wrap so I could sell it in original condition. However, this one still might find an eccentric fan that thinks pink and gold were made to be together, with a little side of green. Que sera sera.Got a tip? Let the author know: lewin@thedrive.com 
20220227_144857_nzl_C000659_A000030	www.stuff.co.nz	https://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/rugby/super-rugby/127906761/bailyn-sullivan-oli-jager-edge-bigger-names-to-crack-super-rugby-team-of-the-week	NZL	Joe Allison/Getty ImagesBailyn Sullivan gets a pass away in contact against the Blues on Saturday.*Paul Cully is a senior sports writer for Stuff OPINION: There’s something to be said for keeping an open mind when it comes to assessing the rugby talent in New Zealand. Few would have picked the uncapped Bailyn Sullivan and Oli Jager to be the form horses in the midfield and at tighthead prop in the early stages of Super Rugby, but they are. and you simply won’t find a better left-to-right pass, thrown at full pace, than the one he gave Ardie Savea. Meanwhile, Jager was very good value for the Crusaders against the Highlanders. On attack, he has soft hands. On defence, he uses his mobility well to pull off repeat tackles in the same phase of play. READ MORE: * * * * * * Both are worthy inclusions in Stuff’s Super Rugby Team of the Week. 15 Will Jordan (Crusaders): A matchwinner, pure and simple. But keep your eye on the Highlanders’ Connor Garden-Bachop. 14 Sevu Reece (Crusaders): First try showed how tough he is, as well as his eye for an opportunity. Explosive. 13 Bailyn Sullivan (Hurricanes): Had a brilliant finish to the NPC season with Waikato, and has carried that form into Super Rugby Pacific. Will be hard to dislodge from that Hurricanes No 13 jumper, which has seen a few handy midfielders. 12 Roger Tuivasa-Sheck (Blues): Missed tackle at the end was obviously costly, but watching that Blues game live at the ground made it clear that the velocity of his carries surprised a few defenders. He was physical. 11 Salesi Rayasi (Hurricanes): His third try was a brilliant piece of athleticism in a game where Caleb Clarke also suggested his very best form is not far off. 10 Mitch Hunt (Highlanders): “He covers a lot of ground with those little legs,” Scott Robertson said of Hunt afterwards, admitting the Crusaders had lost some kicking battles with their former team-mate. 9 Aaron Smith (Highlanders): Very close call with Finlay Christie, but Smith’s brave turnover just before being replaced was a sign of his enduring commitment to the cause. 8 Ardie Savea (Hurricanes): Very, very few loose forwards in the world could have scored that winning try, as he outpaced Blues winger Mark Telea down the sideline.Joe Allison/Getty ImagesOli Jager gets a pass way before being tackled by Highlanders No 6 Shannon Frizell. 7 Adrian Choat (Blues): Auckland workhorse stepped up on Saturday, when the Blues looked like championship material for 70 minutes. 6 Shannon Frizell (Highlanders): Often employed as a first-up ball carrier into well-set defences, Frizell also showed what he could do with a bit of space on Friday. 5 Josh Goodhue (Blues): Gets better every year, and is probably one of the players the Blues can’t afford to lose this year with Patrick Tuipulotu in Japan. 4 Scott Barrett (Crusaders): High-energy performance from the All Blacks lock, and it was needed with the Crusaders not quite firing yet at No 6 and No 8. 3 Oli Jager (Crusaders): Points decision in battle of the new-age props with the Highlanders’ Jermaine Ainsley. Will play test rugby for New Zealand or Ireland, possibly as soon as July. 2 Kurt Eklund (Blues): Loves a maul try, and just a good, tough, all-round rugby player. 1 Alex Hodgman (Blues): We’ll say it again. The Blues were deeply impressive for a lot of that Hurricanes game, and Hodgman played his part in that. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000662_A000019	variety.com	https://variety.com/2022/digital/news/tiktok-maximum-video-length-10-minutes-1235191773/	USA	is again cranking up the maximum length of videos users can upload to the platform — more than tripling it, to 10 minutes. TikTok, owned by Chinese internet conglomerate ByteDance, is moving to let creators make longer-form videos as rivals like YouTube, Facebook and Instagram have aggressively built out their own TikTok-like short-form video features. TikTok’s expansion to allow up to 10-minute videos comes less than a year after (up from 60 seconds before). One of the reasons TikTok has become massively popular — with — is that it provides an auto-generated feed of entertaining, bite-size short videos of under a minute, algorithmically tailored to users’ interests. It’s not clear how many TikTokers will take advantage of the longer-form videos but the change clearly shows that the company is eager to facilitate ways to keep viewers in the app for longer periods of time. And TikTok is now equipped to further encroach on YouTube’s main turf, after the latter’s since it debuted in September 2020. “We’re always thinking about new ways to bring value to our community and enrich the TikTok experience,” a TikTok rep said in a statement. “Last year, we introduced longer videos, giving our community more time to create and be entertained on TikTok. Today, we’re excited to start rolling out the ability to upload videos that are up to 10 minutes, which we hope would unleash even more creative possibilities for our creators around the world.” TikTok’s new 10-minute max was spotted by social media consultant Matt Navarra, who shared a message from the TikTok app about the change: optional screen reader Read More About: 
20220227_144857_usa_C000662_A000030	www.bigblueview.com	https://www.bigblueview.com/2022/2/28/22951450/nfl-2022-scouting-combine-preview-linebackers-to-watch	USA	The need help at the linebacker position. The fate of Blake Martinez is still uncertain after he tore his ACL in a Week 3 loss against Atlanta. If general manager Joe Schoen is attempting to discard $40 million off the cap, Martinez is a realistic option to be cut-loose in the final year of his current contract. 2020 Mr. Irrelevant Tae Crowder was the replacement; Crowder struggled to consistently read his keys and react accordingly in both run and pass phases of playing defense. Reggie Ragland is a free agent. Carter Coughlin transitioned to linebacker but only played 40 snaps after suffering an injury. Cam Brown dealt with injuries and is more of a special teams player. Benardrick McKinney and Jaylon Smith might not be retained after less than a year with the Giants, albeit I’m open to Smith as a situational linebacker. Nevertheless, New York would still need to address the position. The Combine testing doesn’t include the EDGE position as its own entity. Several high-profile EDGE players will be included in this list because they are testing under the designation of “linebacker.” Here’s a list of the players in the linebacker position group: Christopher Allen, Alabama Troy Andersen, Montana State Brian Asamoah, Oklahoma Darrian Beavers, Cincinnati Terrel Bernard, Baylor Darien Butler, Chance Campbell, Mississippi Leo Chenal, Wisconsin Damone Clark, Nakobe Dean, Georgia JoJo Domann, Nebraska Jeremiah Gemmel, North Carolina Isaiah Graham-Mobley, Boston College Jake Hansen, Illinois Aaron Hansford, Christian Harris, Alabama D’Marco Jackson, Appalachian State Drake Jackson, USC Jermaine Johnson II, Nate Landman, Colorado Devin Lloyd, Utah Boye Mafe, Minnesota Zakoby McClain, Auburn Micah McFadden, Indiana Jeremiah Moon, Florida Chad Muma, Wyoming Malcolm Rodriguez, Mike Rose, Josh Ross, Michigan Jack Sanborn, Wisconsin Nephi Sewell, Utah Brandon Smith, Penn State Baylon Spector, Clemson Channing Tindall, Georgia Quay Walker, Georgia Tre Williams, Arkansas The two big names for the true linebacker position are Utah’s Devin Lloyd and Georgia’s Nakobe Dean. Lloyd is lean but long, and he can be a three-down backer. Dean is short, intelligent, a quick accelerator, but I don’t think he’ll be a 4.4 linebacker like the ’ Devin White; he can run a 4.51 like former Georgia Bulldog linebacker Roquan Smith (Bears). Dean’s a great athlete and mover in space, but his height will be over-analyzed. He should teeter near six-foot, and even being slightly over that number would be excellent for Dean. Both Lloyd and Dean could be first-round selections, but there are plenty of options on Day 2 that fit Don “Wink” Martindale’s philosophy. Linebackers Damone Clark, LSU Clark produced a ton at LSU and has a great 6-2, 240-pound frame with just under 33-inch arms (confirmed at ). In 12 games during the 2021 season, he had 135 tackles, 15.0 for a loss, and 5.5 sacks to go along with three passes defended and two forced fumbles. He broke out in his senior season and had the most total tackles and solo tackles (77) in the SEC. His leadership on and off the field helped him earn the coveted No. 18 jersey at LSU. Clark is constantly communicating with his teammates pre-snap to figure out offensive intentions. He should be a starter in the league soon enough. Leo Chenal, Wisconsin Wisconsin’s defensive coordinator Jim Leonhard loves to bring exotic blitz packages, and Chenal directly benefited from his coordinator’s aggressiveness. Chenal is a redshirt sophomore who entered the draft - he probably received a high grade from the advisory board. He’s 6-2, 260 pounds, but he explodes downhill like he’s 220 pounds. His explosiveness and ability to find paths through protections translate well to what Martindale wants to do with his defense. Chenal reportedly ran a 100-meter dash in 11.89 when in high school. He has an opportunity to defeat the linebacker bench press record at the Combine. For a man of his size he’s still a great athlete who anticipates snap counts well with great initial burst. He will be an option for New York on Day 2. Troy Anderson, Montana State Anderson was one of the small-school risers at the Senior Bowl. He has excellent 6-3, 242-pound size, and he was physical, showed his movement skills, and made several plays on the football in coverage. Anderson is unique as a prospect. He played quarterback and running back for Montana State in previous years before transitioning to linebacker. The offensive experience could entice teams to view him as a Taysom Hill type of player on offense. He has the coverage skills to play SAM, the pursuit to be a WILL, and, if he develops a bit more, he could be a MIKE in the NFL. The Combine is always a big event, but small-school players like Anderson will have to test accordingly to maintain his Day 2 status. Brian Asamoah, Oklahoma Asamoah may realistically run a 4.41 40-yard dash. He was 6-feet, 222-pounds in Mobile, with good 33<U+215C>-inch arms and an 80-inch wingspan. The height isn’t ideal, and 222 pounds is on the light side for a linebacker, but Asamoah can cover ground and he can hit with force. Quay Walker, Georgia Walker was one of many incredibly talented players on the Bulldogs’ defense. He was set to attend the Senior Bowl but pulled out because of an injury. He’s now reportedly healthy, and he will pass the eye test. He’s 6-4, 240 pounds with excellent range, foot-quickness, and physical temperament. Walker has only played 500 snaps once in his college career. He should test well, look good in movement drills, and he could be an option for New York in Round 3. JoJo Domann, Nebraska Domann lists as a linebacker, but his primary role in college was an overhang defender. He was recruited to be a safety and made the transition closer to scrimmage. He had the athletic ability to shade inside of number two receivers to the field and still defend bubble screens outside. He is physical coming downhill and is a good tackler, despite his 6-foot, 226-pound frame. His size will lead to a slide into day three, where I think he’d be a value. Domann should get cross-trained in Indianapolis with the defensive backs; if he does, he’ll show off his coverage and movement skills, which can only help regain ground after measuring in undesirably at the Senior Bowl. Christian Harris, Alabama Harris could be an option for the Giants on Day 2. He’s quick coming downhill, has NFL range, and has really good short-area quickness; however, he is chaotic heading into tackles, resulting in misses. I believe he has the necessary athletic ability to be a three-down linebacker, which should be validated at the Combine. He finished the 2021 season with 80 tackles, 11.5 for a loss, 5.5 sacks, three passes defended, and two forced fumbles. He also had 26 pressures and two sacks; Harris does a good job penetrating gaps, shielding himself from blocks, and getting skinny to pressure the quarterback when tasked to blitz. Channing Tindall, Georgia The third Georgia linebacker we are discussing! Tindall will more than likely be a Day 3 type of selection. He never started a game at Georgia, which isn’t necessarily a slight; he could have dominated at other schools but decided not to transfer, and he consistently made plays when his name was called. He’s only 6-1, 223 pounds, but he looks imposing in pads with a chiseled physique. He is a bit raw and could use some coaching on the finer points, but he has a lot of upside, and his skill-set meshes well with Martindale’s pressure philosophy. Georgia ran a diverse pressure package; he recorded 26 pressures and nine sacks in 2021. Malcolm Rodriguez, Oklahoma State Another former safety who is undersized (511, 225 pounds), but he has some pop in his hands to defend himself at the second level or when closing width down near the line of scrimmage. He has incredible athletic skills. He was the starting quarterback for his high school team and didn’t lose a game. Rodriguez was also a state champion wrestler in Oklahoma. He is going to look great at the Combine. He’s somewhat unknown right now, but people would be discussing Rodriguez if he were taller. Zakoby McClain, Auburn McClain’s size will always work against him; he’s only 5011, 220 pounds, but similar to Asamoah, he’s quick. McClain can cover space, has excellent range, is very fluid, and his coverage instincts are solid. He could have an excellent combine from an athletic testing standpoint while looking very adept in the movement drills. Brandon Smith, Penn State I mentioned Smith because he will test very well at the Combine. He’s a phenomenal athlete with elite movement skills. I wish his tape was more physical, and he’s sloppy from a technical standpoint. Some teams will appreciate his movement skills, but he is very raw in many aspects of playing linebacker. EDGE The “EDGE” group with linebacker designations will test very well. Florida State’s Jermaine Johnson, Minnesota’s Boye Mafe, and USC’s Drake Jackson should all test out of the gym while looking excellent in movement drills. I’m looking forward to the figure 8 drill that tests the lower-body flexibility and ability to maintain speed in tight quarters; these three players should look fluid in those exercises. Although he’s listed in the defensive line category, Michigan’s David Ojabo may perform some “linebacker” drills. Ojabo may look the best in Indianapolis when it’s all said and done. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000662_A000032	www.bbc.com	https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-60566000	USA	We are giving absolute priority to taking proper decisions, not only for the sake of our workforce involved in the programmes, but in full respect of our European values, which have always fundamentally shaped our approach to international cooperation. 
20220227_144857_gbr_C000682_A000008	www.theguardian.com	https://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2022/feb/28/uk-politics-live-ukraine-visa-rules-refugees-ben-wallace-tom-tugendhat-latest	GBR	Liz Truss, the foreign secretary, has told MPs that Britons will face “some economic hardship” as a result of the sanctions being imposed on Russia. This has always been implicit in the announcements, but until now ministers have been reluctant to state this publicly. (See Patel has been accused of misleading MPs about the generosity of her visa rules for Ukrainians. In the Commons she told Yvette Cooper, her Labour shadow, that a a 69-year-old Ukrainian woman, with a daughter living in the UK, would benefit as a result. (See But Cooper told MPs, on a point of order, a few minutes ago that she had subsequently found out that Patel was wrong, and that the woman would not benefit. She said that it was “totally confusing” and that Patel should correct the record. That is all from me for today. But our coverage continues on our global live blog. It’s here.Scottish parliament to sell off Russian shares in its pension fundThe Scottish parliament has called on the firm which manages its pension funds, Baillie Gifford, to sell off all its Russian shares following the invasion of .Holyrood’s parliamentary corporate body and the presiding officer, Alison Johnstone, said they were distressed to learn after an information request by the Ferret, an investigative website, Johnstone tweeted:Economic crime bill not being fast-tracked as emergency legislation, Kwarteng saysIn the Commons, Peter Bone (Con) has just complained that there will be no second reading of the economic crime bill tomorrow. He says he thought it was being fast-tracked as emergency legislation. Kwasi Kwarteng, the business secretary, says that is not the case. He says the bill will be introduced tomorrow, but he says the second reading will come later.UK supplying Ukraine with military equipment almost daily, No 10 saysDowning Street said anti-tank missiles would be included in the new batch of military equipment being sent to Ukraine. Boris Johnson told President Zelenskiy more equipment was coming when they spoke this afternoon. (See Commenting on the call, the PM’s spokesperson said:They had a good conversation - they are speaking almost daily now, as you know. In terms of the kit [the UK is sending to Ukraine], I can’t get into full details but it will include further anti-tank missiles and other equipment directly requested by President Zelenskiy and the Ukrainian government. They didn’t in the call go through the list but from time to time President Zelenskiy asks for specific bits of kit or equipment and, whenever feasible, we are seeking to deliver it. And, as I say, we are almost up to daily deliveries now across the border.Paper planes lie on the pavement after being thrown by people during a demonstration today outside the Russian embassy in Kensington Palace Gardens, west London. Photograph: Yui Mok/PADowning Street said that would be using a call with fellow G7 leaders this afternoon to see what more could be done to “further up the pressure” on Russia following its invasion of Ukraine. The PM’s spokesman said:The aim is to see what more we can do to dissuade Putin from continuing down this path. You have seen how last week the EU, the US, the UK and many other countries came together with a strong sanctions package and other means. The donors conference that [the defence secretary] Ben Wallace attended saw lots of countries who hadn’t previously done so commit to defensive military aid. We want to see more of that. The prime minister will be talking about the need to go further on things like Swift and pushing for that.Back in the Commons Andrew Mitchell, the Tory former international development secretary, says he welcome Kwarteng’s announcement. But he says he and other MPs have been campaigning for a register of beneficial ownership for years.Margaret Hodge (Lab), who with Mitchell has been one of the MPs campaigning most strongly on this (the government dropped a bill in 2019 , says Brexit had nothing to do with this being delayed.And she says she is “dismayed” that Kwarteng is just offering a white paper on Companies House.Peers have defeated the government in demanding that relatives of exiled Chagos Islanders are entitled to British citizenship, PA Media reports. PA says:The House of Lords backed by 237 votes to 154, majority 83, a move that would allow descendants of a person born before 1983 on the Chagos Islands to register as a British Overseas Territories citizen and as a British citizen. The defeat came at report stage of the controversial nationality and borders bill.Alison Thewliss, the SNP spokesperson on Treasury matters, says her party has also been calling for this legislation for years.Kwarteng is replying to Malhotra.On the subject of why the legislation has taken so long, he says during the 2017 to 2019 parliament a “huge amount of time” was taken by Labour MPs wanting to frustrate Brexit.He says the crown dependencies will have to have greater transparency requirements anyway from next year.Seema Malhotra, the shadow buiness minister, says Labour backs these measures. But she says Labour has been calling for these laws for years. She says the economic crime bill was first promised in 2016, and a draft of the legislation was ready in 2018.She asks if the new register of overseas entities will be publicly available.And she asks if the crown dependencies and overseas territories will be included.Kwasi Kwarteng makes statement to MPs about economic crimeKwasi Kwarteng, the business secretary, is making a statement to MPs about economic crime.He confirms that an economic crime bill will be introduced in parliament tomorrow. Here is our preview story explaining the key provisions.Kwarteng also says the government is publishing a white paper on reforms to Companies House. Here is an extract from the briefing explaining what is being planned.Anyone setting up, running, owning or controlling a company in the UK will need to verify their identity with Companies House; Companies House will be given the power to challenge the information that appears dubious, and will be empowered to inform security agencies of potential wrongdoing; Company agents from overseas will no longer be able to create companies in the UK on behalf of foreign criminals or secretive oligarchs; The quality of information provided by companies to Companies House will be improved, so that the thousands of small companies who rely on it to make business decisions can trust who they are doing business with; Filing processes for small businesses will be streamlined and digitalised; and Company directors will be better able to protect personal information published by Companies House which might put them at risk of fraud or other harm.Russian oil tanker banned from docking in Orkney IslandsOrkney Islands council has announced the Russian-owned oil tanker NS Champion has been banned from docking at Flotta oil terminal, which the council controls. The decision follows an announcement from Grant Shapps, the UK transport secretary, on Monday afternoon that no UK port should allow a Russian-owned or operator ship to berth. (SeeJames Stockan, the council leader, said: Over the weekend, officers worked tirelessly to try and find a solution to the issue of the visiting tanker - in order to support the strength of feeling that is running not only in our community, but throughout our organisation too. We welcomed the announcement this afternoon from the UK government’s secretary of state for transport - this was very much one of the avenues we have been exploring over the last few days. That announcement was followed by news from the ships agent that they were cancelling the visit. This was a very complex, fast-moving situation - and we have ultimately achieved the best possible outcome. Our thanks go out to all that have contributed to this outcome but most of all sincere thanks to our incredible community as their role in this [should not be] underestimated.Alistair Carmichael, the Lib Dem home affairs spokesperson, has criticised Priti Patel for not announcing any new easing of visa rules for Ukrainians when she spoke to MPs earlier. (See He said:People across the UK are urging the government to stand with Ukrainians and offer them sanctuary. Yet all Priti Patel has done is repeated the prime minister’s vague and very limited announcement yesterday. Ukrainians are fleeing for their lives. They deserve far better than just more spin and confusion from our government.Shapps tells UK ports to ban Russian vesselsCouncillors and officials in Orkney have privately welcomed approval from , the UK transport secretary, for port operators around the UK to ban access to Russian-owned vessels in retaliation for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.Orkney Islands council has been to take on a shipment of crude. Orcadians, including Ukrainians living on the islands, staged a demonstration in Kirkwall, the islands’ capital, on Saturday and urged ministers to ban the vessel.Shapps issued a letter from the Department of and Maritime and Coastguard Agency at 3.50pm time stating no Russian-owned or operated vessel would be allowed to use UK ports, in order to damage Russia’s economic interests.The NS Champion had been due to dock at Flotta, an oil terminal, at 6pm on Tuesday evening, but Orkney council said on Monday afternoon that had been pushed back to 8am on Wednesday. Meanwhile another Russian tanker delivering supplies from Primorsk in Russia was The Pluto had arrived in the UK on 26 February.A source in Orkney council, which has now seen Shapps letter, said: We’ve spent all weekend exploring every possible option open to us [to bar the NS Champion from docking]. No stone has been left unturned. So this is good news, as far as we’re concerned.Sturgeon says Ukrainians should be allowed sanctuary in UK without needing visasNicola Sturgeon, Scotland’s first minister, has called for Ukrainians wanting to flee to the UK to be allowed to enter the country without a visa. On a visit to Aberdeen she said:I am calling on the prime minister, I am appealing to the prime minister to follow the example of Ireland, follow the example of the entire European Union and have a situation, effectively, where anyone from Ukraine who is seeking refuge in the UK is allowed entry to the UK with no visa requirements, and the paperwork can be sorted later on. The position announced by the prime minister last night restricting that kind of approach not even just to family members of people already here but to immediate family members, is woefully inadequate.Sturgeon was speaking before Priti Patel, the home secretary, told MPs that she thought dropping the visa requirements would be a security risk. (SeeNicola Sturgeon at the launch of National Floating Wind Innovation Centre in Aberdeen earlier today. Photograph: Kenny Elrick/DCT Media/PAA theatre in Buckinghamshire has cancelled upcoming performances by the Russian State Ballet company, adding that it is “shocked and appalled” by the escalating conflict, PA Media reports. PA says:The Wycombe Swan theatre said it would “stand in solidarity with the people of Ukraine” following the invasion of their country. Upcoming productions of Romeo And Juliet, Cinderella and Swan Lake between March 10 and 12 have been cancelled at the Buckinghamshire theatre. It comes after theatres in Wolverhampton and Northampton also called off productions by the Russian Ballet company. 
20220227_144857_zwe_C000696_A000018	businesstech.co.za	https://businesstech.co.za/news/energy/563354/massive-new-solar-power-plant-to-be-built-in-south-africa-by-2023/	ZWE	Northern Cape premier Zamani Saul says work is progressing at the Redstone Concentrated Solar Power Project in Postmasburg, which is expected to bring additional power to the country’s energy network. In his state of the province address on Thursday (24 February), Saul said the project is one of the largest capital investment projects in the Northern Cape. “The project comprises 100 Megawatts of Concentrated Solar Power (CSP). The plant will be constructed over a period of 31 months, achieving full commercial operation by the end of October 2023,” he said. “As at the end of January 2022, the project had employed 636 direct jobs on site. Of these employees, 91% are South Africans. Further to this, 339 are from the Tsantsabane and Kgatelopele municipalities. Pleasing is the fact that more than 45% of employees are young people under the age of 35 and 15% of all employees are women in various job disciplines. The project is expected to peak close to 1,800 employees by the end of this year, said Saul. What to expect The project will see the construction and operation of a concentrating solar thermal power (CSP) plant in the Hay District, around 30 km from Postmasburg in the Northern Cape. A CSP tower plant generates solar power using mirrors, known as heliostats, to concentrate a large area of sunlight onto a small area known as the receiver. Electricity is then generated when the concentrated light is converted to solar thermal energy. It will be capable of producing approximately 480 gigawatt-hours (GWh) net of renewable energy annually, with a nominal net generating capacity of approximately 100 megawatts (MW). The Project’s Sponsors are ACWA Power and SolarReserve. ACWA Power is a developer, investor, co-owner and operator of a portfolio of power generation and desalinated water production plants with operations in 12 countries in the Middle East and North Africa, Southern Africa and South-East Asia regions. Absa, which is involved in the funding and development of the project, has that the Redstone CSP Project will have 12 hours of full-load energy storage. This will enable the power plant to reliably deliver a stable electricity supply to more than 200,000 South African homes during peak demand periods, even after the sun has set. Read: 
20220227_144857_mys_C000708_A000032	en.prnasia.com	https://en.prnasia.com/releases/apac/how-space-weather-impacts-radio-communication-and-navigation-satellite-352738.shtml	MYS	SELANGOR, Malaysia, Feb. 28, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Professor Ir Dr Mardina Abdullah, Deputy Director of the Institute for Climate Change and associate fellow of Space Science Centre at Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM) has embarked on a space weather research to determine its risk to various technologies, particularly those that rely on navigation satellite and sky-wave radio signals. Space weather is made up of activities that occur on the suns surface namely solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CME). Space weather refers to activities that occur in the upper layers of the Earths atmosphere at altitudes greater than 50 kilometres above the Earths surface. Unlike typical terrestrial rain or snow, space weather is made up of activities that occur on the suns surface. This is a major factor in determining the situation of space weather and its impact on technology, both in space and on Earth. According to Professor Mardina, solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CME) that occur at the suns surface facing the Earth are among the solar activities that have a direct impact on space weather. She added that the ionosphere, a critical upper layer of the Earths atmosphere, is also important in understanding the effects of space weather on radio signal transmission such as sky-wave signals and navigation satellite. Due to the ionospheres ability to refract waves, radio signals can be transmitted to a greater distance. However, the ionospheric layers weak natural state makes it vulnerable to recurring phenomena such as solar flares, geomagnetic storms, solar eclipses, and lightning, she said. Professor Mardina noted that the use of radio-based satellite navigation systems, such as the Global Positioning System (GPS), has increased dramatically over the last decade especially among road users. She added that there are several ways in which space weather affects GPS function, making it less accurate and even leading to signal loss due to changes in the density structure of the ionosphere. The ionosphere layer changes with the earths rotation, causing day and night, making it more complex and affecting radio signal communication system. The density of electrons in the ionosphere layer determines the refractive index of the ionosphere. If there is a disturbance in the ionospheric layer that causes rapid changes in the refractive index, the signal with a specific frequency that travels through the ionosphere can be reflected, refracted, scattered, or even vanish before reaching its recipients on Earth, she said. Professor Mardina further explained that although space weather is a relatively new field of study, it plays an important role in ensuring the comfort and well-being of life on Earth. This is due to the fact that human life today is synonymous with the rapid development of technology, which is heavily reliant on space technology. The space technology is based on satellites and radio signals, which are easily affected by space weather, a phenomenon that refers to changes in the near-Earth atmosphere. As a result, the space weather affects the refraction of radio signals in the Earths atmosphere, further affecting celestial signal transmission and disrupting daily communication, she added. She concluded that expertise in the field of ionospheric research needs to be expanded in Malaysia, as there is interest from foreign researchers in Asia who are always looking to improve the accuracy and precision of their navigation satellite systems such as Beidou-China, QZSS-Japan, and GAGAN-India. Professor Mardina is a stellar academician who has published over 200 scholarly articles during her academic career. Her research interests and areas of expertise include space weather studies, ionosphere research, satellite navigation, and artificial intelligence. 
20220227_144857_isr_C000718_A000017	www.ft.com	https://www.ft.com/content/7a72d966-15ee-424a-bc62-1f46980827d4	ISR	Leverage our market expertise Expert insights, analysis and smart data help you cut through the noise to spot trends, risks and opportunities. Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT. 
20220227_144857_usa_C000752_A000022	www.engadget.com	https://www.engadget.com/poco-mwc-2022-124513332.html	USA	Those who keep an eye on the machinations of the Chinese phone market might remember that used to be the budget division of Xiaomi. Since the latter decided to spin out the former, Poco has been standing on its own two feet and bulking out the range of affordable handsets it offers to consumers. Today at MWC, the company is showing off a new flagship X4 Pro 5G, as well as a non-5G version of the M4 Pro. The X4 Pro 5G is packing a 6.67-inch, FHD+ display with a 120Hz refresh rate and a backlit capable of pumping up to 700 nits into your eyeballs. Poco is hoping to lure new customers in with the promise of a 108-megapixel, f/1.9 primary camera flanked by an 8-megapixel ultra-wide shooter and a 2-megapixel macro lens. Up front, meanwhile, is a 16-megapixel f/1.4 punch hole camera that gets little more than a nod in Poco’s press materials. Lurking inside, however, is the “premium midrange” Snapdragon 695 5G nestled alongside either 6GB RAM and 128GB storage, or 8GB RAM/256GB. Support for 1TB additional storage is offered, as well as a 67W charger which comes in the box — useful, since the 5,000mAh battery supports 67W fast charging. You may forgive the side-button fingerprint sensor if you’re an audiophile, too, since it is both hi-res audio certified and also still comes with the rare and beautiful treat of a 3.5mm headphone jack. Poco If you’re looking for something a little gentler on your wallet, then Poco is today revealing a non-5G version of its M4 Pro. It’s packing a 6.43-inch FHD+ AMOLED display with a 90Hz refresh rate, a 64-megapixel, f/1.8 rear camera and 5,000mAh battery with support for 33W charging. Powering the unit is a MediaTek Helio G96, which comes with a choice of 6GB RAM 128GB storage, or 8GB of the former and 256GB of the latter. As for right now, however, we don’t quite know if either of these handsets will be available to buy in the US and Europe, or how much they’ll cost. That said, a cached Amazon France listing suggests that the X4 Pro will at least reach that nation, priced at €350 (around $392). Catch up on all of the news from MWC 2022 
20220227_144857_nga_C000785_A000022	www.gsmarena.com	https://www.gsmarena.com/nokia_introduces_purebook_pro_laptop_comes_in_15_and_17inch_options-news-53365.php	NGA	Nokia has licensed its brand to a manufacturer of a new lineup of products and this time, its laptops. The PureBook Pro laptop comes in two screen sizes - 17.3 and 15.6. Its made by a French startup called , which has a licensing agreement with Nokia to distribute the device in 22 countries worldwide. The device sports an aluminum top cover, rounded edges, big trackpad and backlit keyboard. Of course, both options come with Full HD IPS panels with up to 250 nits of brightness, but offer just one CPU option - Intel Core i3-1220P paired with 8GB of RAM and 512GB SSD. The 17-inch flavor offers a 63Wh battery, while the smaller iteration carries a 57Wh pack. The former weighs a whopping 2.5kg, while the latter weighs in at more reasonable 1.7kg. As far as connectivity goes, theres no difference between the 17 and 15-inch variants. In both cases, you get 2x USB-C 3.2, 1x USB-A 3.2 and 1x 3.5mm audio jack. You have the option to choose between Blue, Gray, Silver and Red colors, the Nokia PureBook Pro range will be on sale from the second quarter of 2022 at selected retailers. First wave countries of availability include France, Belgium, Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Luxemburg, Netherlands, Austria, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Norway, Iceland, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Morocco, Tunisia, Canada, and Thailand. Interestingly, India is not on the list of countries. The popular has a license to manufacture and sell laptops under the Nokia brand in the country. The Nokia PureBook Pro 15.6 will retail from € 699, whereas the Nokia PureBook Pro 17.3 will start at 799€. OFF Global will release other laptop models later in 2022. • • 
20220227_144857_lva_C000800_A000014	www.dw.com	https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-talks-with-russia-inconclusive-as-un-convenes-as-it-happened/a-60939348	LVA	Talks conclude near Ukraines border with Belarus; both sides agree to reconvene soon Ukraine has demanded that Russia end the offensive and withdraw Ruble drops to all-time low versus the dollar Officials in Kharkiv report 11 civilian casualties from heavy shellfire UN General Assembly holds emergency session FIFA suspends all Russian teams from competitions Half a million people have fled Ukraine, according to UN estimates We have now closed these live updates. <U+200B><U+200B><U+200B><U+200B><U+200B><U+200B><U+200B> Russia and Belarus face more sporting sanctions World Rugby has announced that it has brought sporting sanctions against Russia and Belarus. The sports governing body confirmed that both Russia and Belarus would be suspended from international and cross border rugby. Russias World Rugby membership would also be suspended. Meanwhile, Ukrainian tennis player Elina Svitolina has refused to play against Russias Anastasia Potapova in the Monterrey Open in Mexico. The world ranked number 15 player said she would not play against any Russian or Belarusian player until the sports governing body to follow the recommendations of the International Olympic Committee and accept Russian or Belarusian nationals only as neutral athletes, without displaying any national symbols, colors, flags or anthems, she tweeted. Russian tennis players Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and Andriy Rublev have both called for peace and Svitolina was keen to express her admiration for those who have taken a stand against the invasion. I do not blame any of the Russian athletes. They are not responsible for the invasion of our motherland. Moreover, I wish to pay tribute to all the players, especially Russians and Belarusians, who bravely stated their position against the war. Their support is essential. EUs Borrell urges Belarusians to stand with Ukraine The EUs foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has posted a message, thanking the people of Belarus who have taken a stand against the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Borrell posted a video message in which he urged people to stand with Ukraine. To the Belarusian people: many of you took huge personal risks struggling for a free and democratic Belarus. Now you are raising your voice against Russia’s war on Ukraine and Lukashenkos decision to support it. Thank you for your bravery. EU stands with you. The countrys leader Aleksander Lukashenko, has following a constitutional referendum on Sunday. The amendment will allow Russian troops and nuclear weapons to be stationed permanently in Belarus and also shields Lukashenko from prosecution. Disney halts release of films in Russia The Walt Disney Co said Monday it is halting the release of films in Russia, including the upcoming Pixar release, Turning Red, citing the unprovoked invasion of Ukraine and the tragic humanitarian crisis. Nuclear watchdog gravely concerned about Ukraines power plants The head of the UN atomic energy watchdog said he remained gravely concerned about Ukraines , although they were being operated safely and securely. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi had been informed that invading Russian forces had been advancing close to the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant in eastern Ukraine over the weekend. Grossi said in a statement: I continue to follow developments in Ukraine very closely and with grave concern, especially the conflicts potential impact on the safety and security of the country’s nuclear facilities. The IAEA chief added that it was extremely important that the nuclear power plants are not put at risk in any way. Russia anti-war protests — hundreds more arrested Hundreds of protesters have again been arrested in Russia during anti-war demonstrations. According to Russian human rights organization OVD-info, at least 412 people were detained in protests on Monday in cities across the country. The bulk of arrests are reported to have taken place in Moscow, where there were 208 arrested, and St. Petersburg where 181 arrests were made. The organization said that since anti-war demonstrations began on Thursday, there have been more than 6,440 detentions. Shell announces intention to exit Russian partnerships Oil giant Shell announced on Monday its intention to exit operations in Russia. The companys chief executive officer, Ben van Beurden said in a statement: We are shocked by the loss of life in Ukraine, which we deplore, resulting from a senseless act of military aggression which threatens European security. “We cannot — and we will not — stand by. Our immediate focus is the safety of our people in Ukraine and supporting our people in Russia, van Beurden went on to say. The move comes a day after BP quit its stake in Russian oil company Rosneft. Zelenskyy calls for no-fly zone, ban on Russia port access worldwide Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for a no-fly zone over his country due to the more than 100 cruise missiles Russia has sent flying into Ukraine since last Thursday. He also called for air and seaports worldwide to ban Russian flagged planes and ships. In a video posted to his Facebook page, Zelenskyy said, We must close entry for this state in all ports, all canals and all the worlds airports. He also urged the international community to consider a total closure of the skies to Russian missiles, planes and helicopters. Facebook, Twitter take steps to restrict RT and Sputnik The parent company of Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram, Meta Platforms, will restrict access to Russias state-run media outlets RT and Sputnik in the EU, according to a tweet from the companys head of global affairs, Nick Clegg. Clegg wrote that Meta Platforms would undertake the effort given the exceptional nature of the current situation. Twitters head of site integrity, Yoel Roth, said the platform would undertake adding labels to Tweets that share links to Russian state-affiliated media websites and added that the company is taking steps to significantly reduce the circulation of this content on Twitter. Ukraine confirms arrival of Starlink internet equipment Mykhailo Fedorov, Ukraines vice prime minister and digital transformation minister, thanked Elon Musk for equipment that can be used to connect his country to the internet via satellite in the event of an attack on the countrys internet infrastructure. In a tweet, Federov wrote, Starlink – here. Thanks @elonmusk. US expels 12 Russian diplomats to the UN The US is expelling 12 members of Russias diplomatic mission to the UN, ordering their departures by March 7, Russias ambassador to the UN Vasily Nebenzya said. Its bad news, Nebenzya said, but did not specify whether he was among those departing New York. Russia called the expulsions a hostile act. The deputy chief of the US mission to the UN later confirmed the report and said the move was designed to stop the dozen diplomats from harming US national security. The US mission said the Russians being removed are intelligence agents. Russias mission to the UN includes approximately 100 diplomatic staff. The UN headquarters in Manhattan, New York, is international territory. However, the diplomats working there reside in the US. Biden talks with Scholz and other world leaders The White House announced it held a call from 11:32 a.m. to 12:54 p.m. EST (1632-1754 GMT) to brief allies on developments regarding Russias invasion of Ukraine and continue working on coordinating a joint response. Biden was joined on the call by German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, French President Emmanuel Macron, and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Others on the call included Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, Polish President Andrzej Duda and Romanian President Klaus Iohannis. Part of the conference call focused on the effort to impose severe costs and consequences on Russia for invading Ukraine. Additionally, leaders turned their attention to maintaining the stability of the global economy, especially with regard to energy prices. The national leaders were joined by European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, EU Council President Charles Michel and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Turkey agrees to restrict access to Black Sea Ankara upgraded its definition of Russias invasion of Ukraine from a military operation to a full-scale war, allowing it to implement the 1936 Montreux Convention that gives it the right to bar warships from passing through the Bosporus — the short stretch connecting the Black Sea to the Mediterranean. Both Russian and Ukrainian ships may now be limited in their movement but Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu made clear that Turkey cannot bar ships that are returning to their home base in the Black Sea. It should not be involved in the war after declaring it will return to the base and passing through the Bosphorus, he added. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had previously asked the NATO member state to enact the ban, but strong Turkish relations with both Kyiv and Moscow have put it in a difficult position. FIFA, UEFA kick all Russian teams out of its competitions The international soccer federation FIFA has decided to suspend all Russian national and club teams from taking part in all competitions, including the upcoming World Cup in Qatar. FIFA and UEFA have today decided together that all Russian teams, whether national representative teams or club teams, shall be suspended from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice, a statement said on the UEFA website. Football is fully united here and in full solidarity with all the people affected in Ukraine, the statement added. The Polish national team had already said it would not play Russia in their qualifying match set for late March. FIFAs decision does not set an end date for the ban. The move follows a call from the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to ban Russian and Belarusian athletes from international sports competitions. Zelenskyy signs request for Ukraine to join the EU Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a formal request for his country to join the EU as EU leaders said they might discuss the possibility of Ukraine joining the 27-nation bloc during an informal summit in March. Zelenskyy posted images signing Ukraines application to join the EU on Facebook. Zelenskyy posted the images a day after comments from European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen seemed to hold out the prospect of Ukraine being admitted Zelenskyys appeal followed European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen saying of Ukraine they are one of us and we want them in in an interview with Euronews on Sunday. Kyiv said the appeal was for the immediate accession of Ukraine via a new special procedure. But officials in Brussels said on Monday that no such fast-track procedure exists. The EUs foreign policy chief Josep Borrell however demurred when asked about it Monday, saying: We have to provide an answer for the coming hours, not for the coming years. Borrell added, Ukraine has clearly a European perspective, but now we have to fight against an aggression. Ukraine currently has an association agreement with the EU and Ukrainian nationals can travel visa-free to the EU. Peace talks on Belarusian border conclude for now Russia and Ukraine broke off peace talks Monday on the Ukrainian-Belarusian border, according to both delegations. A follow-on round will take place in the coming days. Russias delegation head Vladimir Medinsky said, We agreed to keep the negotiations going. Both delegations will return to their respective capitals for further consultations ahead of second-round talks. The meeting lasted for around six hours in total. At the UN, Russia blames Kyiv for the invasion Vasily Nebenzya, Russias ambassador to the UN, told the General Assembly that for us, Ukraine joining NATO is a red line. Nebenzya laid the blame for the Russian invasion on Ukraine, saying that Kyiv had failed to stick to the Minsk agreement as well as claiming that Ukrainian forces carried out provocations against people in the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk where Russian-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014. We no longer have the right to allow the residents of Donbas to suffer any further, he said. He repeated Moscows line on the supposed need to demilitarize and de-nazify Ukraine. Nebenzya also accused Ukraines western partners, especially the US, of inciting Kyiv, egging it on, repeating the senseless mantra that their obligations to the Minsk agreements are not being complied with by the Russian Federation. Our western colleagues have shamelessly inundated the country with weapons, have sent instructors to the country and have effectively incited Ukrainians ... to engage in armed provocation against Donbas, he said. Ambassador tells UN if Ukraine does not survive, international peace will not Sergiy Kyslytsya, Ukraines ambassador to the UN, warned the members of UN General Assembly of the consequences of Russias invasion. Russia uses all its military potential to attack Ukraine and has begun redeploying reserve units on the border, he said. Russia is firing cruise and ballistic missiles at cities, attacks with aviation, tanks and artillery, sends out subversion and reconnaissance groups which mark residential buildings in preparation for air attacks Kyslytsya claimed. He also accused the Russian force of attacking civilian infrastructure as well as kindergartens and hospitals, which he called war crimes. As of today, 352 people including 16 children were killed on the Ukrainian side, and 2,040 Ukrainians including 45 children were wounded, he added. The Ukrainian ambassador called on the UN General Assembly to be vocal in demanding from the Russian Federation to stop its offensive against Ukraine. If Ukraine does not survive, international peace will not survive. If Ukraine does not survive, the United Nations will not survive… If Ukraine does not survive, we cannot be surprised if democracy fails, Kyslytsya said. Putin sets out demands in phone call with Macron Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke with his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron on Monday afternoon. The two discussed the fate of Ukraine during their 90-minute phone call. Following the call Paris said that Putin had confirmed his willingness to make commitments on these three points, namely an end to attacks targeting civilians, the preservation of civilian infrastructure, and a secure route for people to leave Kyiv. The Kremlin released a separate statement after the conversation saying that the Russian president had set out his demands for Ukraine that would need to be met before any possible settlement. Moscow demanded a neutral status for Ukraine, as well as what it termed the demilitarization and de-nazifiation of Ukraine, and the recognition of Russian control over Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula seized by Russia in 2014. Russia is open to talks with representatives of Ukraine and expects the [talks] to lead to the desired results, the statement from Moscow added. UNs Guterres hopeful for Ukraine-Russian peace talks UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres spoke at an emergency meeting of the United Nations General Assembly on Monday, calling for an end to the conflict and expressing his gratitude to those countries that have taken in refugees fleeing the violence. I am grateful for the compassion, generosity and solidarity of Ukraines neighbors who are taking in those seeking safety, he said but added, following reports of racial discrimination at border crossings, that it is important that this solidarity is extended without any discrimination based on race, religion or ethnicity. He also pledged to ramp up humanitarian aid in Ukraine but emphasized that the only true solution is peace. I hope that the direct talks now taking place between Ukrainian and Russian delegations will produce not only an immediate halt to the fighting but also a path towards a diplomatic solution, Guterres told the assembly. Some of the possible consequences of a worsening conflict are terrifying to contemplate, he warned. The session began with a minutes silence for those killed. The UN secretary-general also called the war a distraction from the real challenges facing humanity: the climate crisis and biodiversity loss, the vitally needed socio-economic recovery from the pandemic, healing the divides between race and gender and so many other pressing 21st century challengers. The UN Security Council will also convene for an emergency session later on Monday. US suspends Minsk embassy operations The United States is suspending its embassy operations in the Belarusian capital of Minsk, the State Department said. It has also authorized the voluntary departure from Russia of non-essential staff at the US embassy in Moscow together with their family members. We took these steps due to security and safety issues stemming from the unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces in Ukraine, the State Department said in a statement. The US has already evacuated its entire embassy staff from the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. Embassy operations in that country were initially moved to the western city of Lviv, before being moved again to nearby Poland with the aim of regularly traveling to Lviv to provide short-term emergency services. Also on Monday, the US recommended that Americans in Russia leave immediately. US citizens should consider departing Russia immediately via commercial options still available, said the State Department, which had previously urged US citizens not to travel to Russia. The department warned that options for getting out of Russia are dwindling quickly as international sanctions bite, including many countries having closed their airspace to Russian carriers. The US governments ability to provide routine or emergency services to US citizens in Russia is severely limited, the statement said. It also warned of potential for harassment against US citizens by Russian government security officials. Carnival celebrations in Germany take anti-war turn The German city of Cologne has modified its famous Carnival, or Fastelovend in the local dialect, celebration into an anti-war demonstration. One motto for the altered festivities was Make FasteLOVEnd, not war. The municipal government and Carnival clubs agreed last week to cancel the city’s traditional Rosenmontag, or Rose Monday, parade in favorite of a show of solidarity with Ukraine. The Carnival floats got a hasty redesign in light of the conflict, this one is ironically titled the good old days Many still wearing the Carnival costumes, but also donning the yellow and blue of the Ukrainian flag, tens of thousands of people took to the streets of the city to call for an end to the conflict. According to the organizing committee, which said it collaborated with police on the estimate, up to 250,000 people turned out in Cologne on Monday. Turnout for the demonstration was large, with Ukrainian flag colors a common sight among the crowds In nearby Düsseldorf, famous for its satirical parade floats, one depicted a blood-soaked dove speared by a Russian flag while another portrayed President Putin as a puppet master of Belarus leader Alexander Lukashenko. Russian shelling kills civilians in Kharkiv: governor Ukraines second-biggest city was the target of Russian shelling on Monday morning that left at least 11 people killed and dozens more injured, according to local governor Oleh Sinegubov. The Russian enemy is bombing residential areas, Sinegubov wrote on the Telegram messaging app. As a result of the bombardments that are ongoing, we cannot call on the emergency services... currently there are 11 dead and dozens wounded. Unconfirmed videos circulating on social media showed smoke rising from what appeared to be a residential neighborhood, as well as bodies of those killed in the attack. Kharkiv resident Maria Avdeeva, the research director of the European Expert Association, confirmed that a residential building had been hit in shelling. She said conditions in the Russian-speaking city are growing dire. We are running out of food supplies and medical supplies, Avdeeva said. She added, We want Russian troops to go back to Russia. Russian forces attempted to take the city on Sunday, but the Ukrainian military claimed in the afternoon that it was in control of the city again later in the day. Kharkiv is close to Ukraines border with Russia, some 500 kilometers east of Kyiv. IOC calls for exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has recommended that international sports federations ban athletes from Russia and Belarus from participating in international sporting events. The statement comes shortly before the Winter Paralympics, which begin on Friday in Beijing. In order to protect the integrity of global sports competitions and for the safety of all the participants, the IOC recommends that International Sports Federations and sports event organizers not invite or allow the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials in international competitions, it said in a statement on Monday. The IOC also said it had stripped Russian President Vladimir Putin of the Olympic Order award in response to the invasion of Ukraine, saying it took the decision based on the exceptional circumstances of the situation and considering the extremely grave violation of the Olympic Truce and other violations of the Olympic Charger by the Russian government in the past. The move comes after the mens Champions League final was moved from Saint Petersburg to Paris, Formula One called off its Russian Grand Prix and German soccer team FC Schalke ended its relationship with team sponsor Gazprom. Switzerland joins EU sanctions against Russia After initial reluctance, the traditionally neutral Switzerland has agreed to implement a raft of sanctions against Russia in line with those posed by the EU, Swiss President Ignazio Cassis said on Monday. This is a big step for Switzerland, Cassis told reporters. The landlocked country is home to several important international banks which will no longer be accessible to certain Russian oligarchs as well as the Russian president himself. Five oligarchs close to Putin have also been banned from entering the country entirely, Reuters cited Swiss Justice Minister Karin Keller-Sutter as saying. Russia restricts airspace for more than 30 countries In response to the decision by multiple countries to close their airspace to Russian aircraft, Russian aviation authority Rosaviatsiya announced that it was banning flights by airlines from 36 countries including Britain and Germany in a retaliatory move on Monday. Countries affected by the indefinite ban include all EU member states and Canada. The list also includes Jersey, which is a dependency of the UK, and Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, and airlines will only be able to enter Russian airspace with a special permit. Russias civil aviation authority said it was bringing in the restrictions as a retaliatory measure for the ban by European states on flights by civil aviation operated by Russian airlines or registered in Russia. Airlines will only be able to enter Russian airspace with a special permit. Last week Russia banned UK airlines after Britain barred Aeroflot, the countrys flagship carrier, as well as private jets. German FM warns Putin against escalating statements Putin didnt expect us to be so resolved, Germanys Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said at a joint press conference with her Slovenian counterpart Anze Logar, emphasizing the unified response to Russias invasion from the members of the EU as well as NATO. The conference comes a day after Germany announced a set of measures to rapidly increase defense spending to meet NATOs target of 2% of GDP this year. Putins war is a turning point and it is absolutely appropriate for us to reassess everything we thought we knew for sure, Baerbock said. Regarding the hundreds of thousands of people fleeing Ukraine, Baerbock pledged that Europe would take in all the refugees. The German foreign minister underlined also the importance of giving shelter to all refugees fleeing Ukraine after reports that non-Ukrainians, especially Black people, fleeing the country were having problems crossing into neighboring countries. We are closely looking at the problems for those civilians who dont have Ukrainian passports, Baerbock said. She also said that Germany would support Germans in Russia to leave the country if they want to even though ordinary commercial Russian planes are banned from German airspace and German planes are banned from Russian airspace. With regards to Putins decision to increase Russias nuclear alert status, Baerbock called on the Russian president to refrain from such escalating statements. We have to take [Putins] threats very seriously, she said, but also wanted to make clear that NATO is not a threat for Russia. Russia, Ukraine enter peace talks Talks between Russian and Ukrainian officials began on the Belarusian border on Monday, with Kyiv urging an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of Russian forces. The Russian delegation to the peace talks is led by the Kremlins special envoy, Vladimir Medinsky, while the Ukrainian side is led by Davyd Arakhamia, who leads President Zelenskyys Servant of the People party in the Ukrainian parliament. Dear friends, the President of Belarus has asked me to welcome you & facilitate your work as much as possible. As it was agreed with the Presidents Zelenskyy and Putin, you can feel completely secure, Belarusian Foreign Minister Vladimir Makei said at the start of talks, according to the foreign ministrys translation on Twitter. , who owns English football Premier League club Chelsea, has accepted a Ukrainian request to help negotiate an end to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, his spokeswoman said. Lavrov cancels trip disarmament talks Meanwhile, Russian Foreign Minster Sergey Lavrov has canceled a trip to Geneva for disarmament talks because his plane would not be able to pass through airspace that the European Union has closed to Russian aviation as part of sanctions against Moscow, RIA news agency quoted a diplomatic source as saying on Monday. Moscow says Russia will ride out sanctions Western sanctions on Russia are hard, but our country has the necessary potential to compensate for the damage, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters, adding that President Putin was meeting with key economic advisors on Monday to deal with broad financial penalties implemented by Western governments. Russia has been systematically preparing for quite a long time for possible sanctions, including the heaviest sanctions that we are now facing, Peskov said. Sanctions against Russian banks, businesses, and leaders has sent the ruble tumbling to historically low values. The country’s central bank has had to more than to try and prop up the currency. Moscow’s stock market remained closed on Monday. Half a million flee Ukraine have fled Ukraine since Russia launched a full-scale attack on the country, the United Nations said Monday. According to the UN, more than half fled into Poland. More than 500,000 refugees have now fled from Ukraine into neighboring countries, UN refugee chief Filippo Grandi said in a tweet. Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the German interior ministry said that 1800 refugees from Ukraine had arrived in Germany so far. Russias invasion of Ukraine has caused a mass exodus of refugees in need of shelter in neighboring Poland Schalke drops Gazprom as sponsor German football club with its main sponsor, Russian energy giant Gazprom, amid Moscows full-scale attack on Ukraine. Schalke said that it is now in talks with Gazprom to terminate the current deal, which would otherwise expire in 2025. Schalke added that its financial capacity remained unaffected by this decision. The club currently has around €200 million ($224 million) in liabilities. The clubs management is confident that it will be able to present a new partner soon, Schalke said. Nord Stream 2 foundation to be dissolved In view of the war in Ukraine, the controversial Climate and Environmental Protection Foundation of the German state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, which is associated with the temporarily halted Nord Stream 2 project, is to be dissolved. The primary purpose of the foundation is to encourage climate and environmental protection projects. However, it can also become commercially active in the support of the further construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and critics said it could facilitate storage for products such as pipes and other materials to be used in the construction and maintenance of the controversial pipeline. State premier Manuela Schwesig (SPD) had asked the foundations board of directors to initiate a dissolution of the foundation within the narrow legal possibilities. For the time being, she said, the foundation should suspend its work. Schwesig went on to say that it would also be examined whether it is legally possible to use the foundation funds provided by Nord Stream for humanitarian purposes. The German government has also put the approval process for construction of the German-Russian Nord Stream 2 pipeline on hold in response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. It is intended to transport Russian natural gas through the Baltic Sea. EU to grant fleeing Ukrainians right to stay and work The EU is preparing to grant fleeing Ukrainians the right to stay and work in the 27-nation bloc for up to three years, senior EU and French officials said. At least 300,000 Ukrainian refugees have entered the EU so far, and the bloc needs to prepare for millions more, they said. EU members Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Hungary have land borders with Ukraine. It is our duty to take in those who flee war, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin told France 2 TV on Monday, saying the EU interior minister had on Sunday tasked the European Commission with preparing draft proposals to grant them protection. Ministers will meet again on Thursday to agree on the details. The EU temporary protection directive, drawn up after the 1990s war in the Balkans, but never used so far, provides for the same level of protection, for one to three years, in all EU states, including a residence permit, access to employment, social welfare and medical treatment. UN: More than 100 civilians killed UN human rights chief Michelle Bachelet said on Monday that at least 102 civilians had been killed in Ukraine since Russia began its full-scale attack on the country. The death toll includes 7 children, according to Bachelet. Most of these civilians were killed by explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multi-launch rocket systems, and airstrikes, she said. Bachelet warned that the real figures may be considerably higher. She added that the UN refugee agency had counted 380,000 people fleeing Ukraine as refugees, and many more had been displaced within Ukraine. UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said on Monday that the escalation of Russias military operations in Ukraine was leading to rising human rights violations. Guterres said in a recorded speech at the opening of the Human Rights Council in Geneva that the UN was monitoring human rights violations with teams on the ground. The escalation of military operations by the Russian Federation in Ukraine is leading to escalating human rights violations, Guterres said. We must show all people in Ukraine that we stand by them in their time of need. Talks begin at Belarus border Ukraine demanded an immediate Russian ceasefire and troop withdrawal on Monday as its delegation arrived in Belarus for talks with Russian negotiators. Ukraines delegation is set to meet Russian representatives for the first talks since Moscows invasion, as the fighting for several Ukrainian cities continues and the Russian ruble collapses. The Ukrainian delegation arrived at the Ukrainian-Belarusian border to take part in talks with representatives of the Russian Federation, the Ukrainian presidency said in a statement. The key issue of the talks is an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a separate statement urged Russian troops to abandon their equipment and leave the battlefield in order to save their lives, claiming that more than 4,500 Russian soldiers had already lost their lives. He also urged the European Union to give Ukraine immediate members
20220301_142338_pak_C000003_A000029	www.geo.tv	https://www.geo.tv/latest/402043-psl-2022-successful-due-to-energetic-crowd-ramiz-raja	PAK	Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Ramiz Raja. — Twitter/FileRamiz Raja says he has never seen such charged up, overwhelming, enthusiastic, lively crowd before.Ramiz thanked all the fans on behalf of the Board for crossing the turnstiles to play their significant part in the success of PSL 7.Ramiz further states leagues profits jumped to 71%, highest ever, with each franchise earning around Rs900 million.Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) Chairman Ramiz Raja paid a glowing tribute to the Pakistan cricket fans as he credited them for the phenomenal success of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) 7 that culminated on Sunday with Lahore Qalandars maiden PSL win at the Gaddafi Stadium.“There is no doubt that the Pakistan Super League 7 has been a phenomenal success and this is largely due to the fact that we had amazing crowds, both in Karachi and Lahore. In my professional career, I have never seen such charged up, overwhelming, enthusiastic, lively and supportive crowds, particularly in Lahore, a statement issued by the PCB quoted the chairman as saying.Ramiz thanked all the fans on behalf of the Board for crossing the turnstiles to play their significant part in the success of PSL 7 and showcasing Pakistan as a cricket passionate country through high definition production.“I would like to thank our sponsors, players, franchises, the medical team, law enforcing agencies, local and provisional administrations, commentators and crew members, and ground staff for their untiring efforts, as well as millions watching on television all around the world who made this PSL a memorable spectacle, he said.Ramiz further stated that the leagues profits jumped to 71%, the highest ever, with each franchise earning around Rs900 million, which is again the most in its seven-year history, and all before the first ball was even bowled.“For next year, we aspire to take this league to the homes of all franchises and broaden its fan-reach, he concluded. 
20220301_142338_pak_C000003_A000030	www.aaj.tv	https://www.aaj.tv/news/30279834/	PAK	New Delhi. Indias most prominent Muslim cricketer Mohammed Shami has slammed trolls as neither real fans nor real Indians in his first comments since being subjected to vitriolic online abuse following the defeat to Pakistan at the T20 World Cup. Shami, 31, became the main target of abuse after India were thrashed by their arch-rivals last October on their way to an embarrassingly early exit from the marquee tournament. Cricket clashes between India and Pakistan frequently heighten tensions between the neighbours, who have fought three wars since 1947. Afters Indias loss, thousands of hate messages flooded social media, including Shamis Instagram account, calling him a traitor and alleging he had taken money to throw the game. In an interview with the Indian Express on Monday, Shami said those who trolled him were neither real fans nor were they real Indians. When people with unknown social media profiles or even one with a few followers point fingers at someone, they dont have anything to lose, the paceman said. For them nothing is at stake because they are nobodies... we dont need to engage with them. Shami added that he did not need to prove his loyalty to India to anyone. We know what we are, we dont need to say what India means to us because we represent the country and fight for the country. So we dont need to prove anything to anyone by saying or reacting to such trolls. Since making his debut in 2013, Shami has taken 209 wickets in 57 Test matches with a strike rate of nearly 50. He is currently sidelined due to a wrist injury, but added that the present Indian pace attack was the best ever. With the kind of Test match bowling we have now, I dont think we ever had such a period in our cricketing history, he said. 
20220301_142338_phl_C000078_A000026	www.hindustantimes.com	https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/music/blackpinks-rose-tests-covid-19-positive-partially-cancels-overseas-tour-other-three-group-members-test-negative-101646030588196.html	PHL	Pop artiste , part of the popular K-pop group BLACKPINK, has tested positive for Covid-19, the label handling the group informed in a statement on Monday morning. The statement added that the groups other three members--Jisoo, Jennie, Lisa--have all tested negative. Lisa had tested positive for Covid-19 in November last year. Rose was to travel overseas for her tour this week. (Also read: )The statement read, This is YG Entertainment. BLACKPINKs Rose tested positive for Covid-19 after taking a PCR test prior to her departure on February 28th. As a result, some of her overseas schedules have been canceled.The statement adds that the other three members of the group are Covid-19 negative and none of them is showing any symptoms. The other three members (Jisoo, Jennie, Lisa) have tested negative, and all members including Rose do not have any suspicious symptoms. All members are fully vaccinated for Covid-19 and we will prioritize our artists and their staff members health.The statement then went on to urge fans to pray for Roses recovery. We would appreciate it if you could wish for Roses speedy recovery and support BLACKPINK members international promotions. We will notify you if there are any changes, it concluded.BLACKPINK was formed in 2016, debuting with their single album Square One in the same year. They are the highest-charting female Korean act on Billboard 100. Their 2020 studio album - titled The Album - is the first-ever album by Korean female group to sell more than a million copies. In January last year, South Koreas President Moon Jae-in had credited the group for spreading K-pop content across the globe. Subscribe to our best newsletters Subscribed to newsletter successfully Thank you for subscribing to our Daily News Capsule newsletter. 
20220301_142338_gbr_C000156_A000018	www.thisismoney.co.uk	https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/markets/article-10561931/Now-Shell-severs-ties-Russia-Oil-giant-scraps-deal-Gazprom.html	GBR	Shell has become the latest major company to sever ties with Russia following the invasion of Ukraine.The energy giant will ditch its work with Gazprom and pull out of the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline as Western powers reel from President Putin’s warmongering in Eastern Europe.Shell warned that it could take a Ł2.2billion hit as it laid out a plan to exit a series of projects. Out of gas: Energy giant Shell is to ditch will ditch its work with Gazprom which includes its 27.5 per cent stake in Sakhalin 2 – a flagship facility in the Russian Far East (pictured) These include its 27.5 per cent stake in Sakhalin 2 – a flagship facility in the Russian Far East that is majority-owned by Gazprom and produces around 4 per cent of the world’s liquefied natural gas.Shell’s announcement came a day after BP said that it was cutting ties with Kremlin-backed oil company Rosneft.BP is now looking to offload its 19.75 per cent stake in Rosneft and current boss Bernard Looney has stepped down from the board.Shell also said it would end its involvement with the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which Germany has suspended because of the escalating conflict.Shell helped to finance Nord Stream 2 – which was meant to double Russian gas imports to Germany – and is thought to have lent more than Ł600million towards the project.The oil giant isn’t quitting Russia altogether, however. It has a network of around 400 petrol stations and a lubricants business in the country which it said it intends to keep.Hours before Shell made the announcement, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng grilled Ben van Beurden about the company’s work in Russia in a phone call.Kwarteng also piled pressure on BP boss Bernard Looney on Friday - around two days before BP severed its links with Rosneft.Last night Kwarteng said on Twitter: ‘Earlier today I spoke to Shell’s chief executive, Ben van Beurden.‘Shell have made the right call to divest from Russia - including Sakhalin II. There is now a strong moral imperative on British companies to isolate Russia.‘This invasion must be a strategic failure for Putin.’Van Beurden said: ‘We are shocked by the loss of life in Ukraine, which we deplore, resulting from a senseless act of military aggression which threatens European security.’He added: ‘Our decision to exit is one we take with conviction.‘We cannot – and we will not – stand by.’He added: ‘Our immediate focus is the safety of our people in Ukraine and supporting our people in Russia.’ The company is also bowing out of two projects in western Siberia, Salym and Gydan.But it faces the same struggle to find a buyer as BP and other companies keen to escape their Russian investments.Few, if any, Western firms will be able or willing to buy up Russian assets under the current circumstances.Experts and politicians including former Labour party leader Ed Miliband had urged Shell to step back from Russia.Shell’s shares were down by 1.4 per cent, or 28.5p, to 1972p last night even though oil prices rose – suggesting that investors were expecting its exit. The move could constrain Shell’s finances at a time when van Beurden is trying to turn the company into a global green energy powerhouse, which he insists must be funded with money from its traditional oil and gas business.In addition to Shell, a slew of companies including the Norwegian oil group Equinor and Daimler Truck cut their connections with Russia.Volvo also suspended car shipments to Russia – while sanctions ramped up against Russian financial institutions.The calls from Kwarteng for businesses to isolate Russia could pile pressure on companies including Glencore, Total, ExxonMobil and the commodities trader Trafigura.FTSE 100-listed Glencore, which has suffered a series of ethical scandals, owns a 0.5 per cent stake in Rosneft and 10 per cent of Russian resources firm En+.Jamie Maddock, equity analyst at Quilter Cheviot, said: ‘While Glencore has a much smaller stake in Rosneft, it is a stake nonetheless.‘It becomes much harder to justify retaining a stake in the business now BP has taken the decision to offload its ownership.’Glencore declined to comment last night. Some links in this article may be affiliate links. If you click on them we may earn a small commission. That helps us fund This Is Money, and keep it free to use. We do not write articles to promote products. We do not allow any commercial relationship to affect our editorial independence. 
20220301_142338_mys_C000317_A000038	www.latestly.com	https://www.latestly.com/agency-news/lifestyle-news-greater-body-fat-is-risk-factor-for-reduced-thinking-and-memory-ability-study-3417526.html	MYS	Hamilton (Ontario) [Canada], February 28 (ANI): Does greater body fat be a risk factor for reducing thinking and memory ability? A recent study showed that greater body fat is a risk factor for reduced cognitive function, such as processing speed in adults.When the researchers took cardiovascular risk factors (such as diabetes or high blood pressure) or vascular brain injury into account, the coalition between body fat and lower cognitive scores remained. This suggested other not yet confirmed pathways that linked excess body fat to reduced cognitive function.Also Read | The study was published in the journal, JAMA Network open.In the study, 9,166 participants were measured by bioelectrical impedance analysis to assess their total body fat.Also Read | As well, 6,733 of the participants underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to measure abdominal fat packed around the organs known as visceral fat, and the MRI also assessed vascular brain injury -- areas in the brain affected by reduced blood flow to the brain.Our results suggest that strategies to prevent or reduce having too much body fat may preserve cognitive function, said lead author Sonia Anand, a professor of medicine of McMaster Universitys Michael G. DeGroote School of Medicine and a vascular medicine specialist at Hamilton Health Sciences (HHS). She is also a senior scientist of the Population Health Research Institute of McMaster and HHS.She added that the effect of increased body fat persisted even after adjusting for its effect on increasing cardiovascular risk factors like diabetes and high blood pressure, as well as vascular brain injury, which should prompt researchers to investigate which other pathways may link excess fat to reduced cognitive function.Co-author Eric Smith, a neurologist, scientist, and associate professor of clinical neurosciences at the University of Calgary said that preserving cognitive function is one of the best ways to prevent dementia in old age. This study suggests that one of the ways that good nutrition and physical activity prevent dementia maybe by maintaining healthy weight and body fat percentage.Smith is head of the brain core lab for the two population cohorts used for this new analysis- the Canadian Alliance for Healthy Hearts and Minds (CAHHM) and PURE Mind- a sub-study of the large, international Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiological (PURE) study.The participants were in the age range of 30 to 75 with an average age of about 58. Just over 56 per cent were women; they all lived in either Canada or Poland. The majority were White European origin, with about 16 per cent other ethnic backgrounds. Individuals with known cardiovascular disease were excluded. (ANI)(This is an unedited and auto-generated story from Syndicated News feed, LatestLY Staff may not have modified or edited the content body) 
20220301_142338_idn_C000355_A000017	www.blabbermouth.net	https://www.blabbermouth.net/news/slash-had-a-hard-time-with-everything-sounding-really-rubbish-in-early-days-of-digital-recording/	IDN	During Slashs February 25 press event with members of the Australian media, the GUNS N ROSES guitarist was asked what the biggest adaptation has been for him in the nearly four decades that he has been involved in the music industry. He responded (as transcribed by BLABBERMOUTH.NET): I sort of have always just done what it is that I do and its never really fit in with whatever the industry standard is anyway, so its always sort of been difficult. But the biggest adaptation has really been getting through that whole digital craze, when it really kicked in with MP3s and Pro Tools first coming around and everybody just going into this sort of phase of, like, Look at all the possibilities. Its amazing. Its genius. Which, technically, it really is — the things that weve been able to achieve are amazing. But then a lot of stuff sort of got kicked to the side when that happened, and a lot of it was the integrity of sound, the integrity of the warmth of what we used to really enjoy about analog. Now with digital, they actually have made it so that they recreated the warmth of analog in digital, which is great. But there was a period there where everything was sounding really rubbish, and I was having a hard time with that one because everybody was on that bandwagon and it was hard to find people that werent. So, yeah, that was the biggest adaptation for me.Slash is promoting the new album from SLASH FEATURING MYLES KENNEDY AND THE CONSPIRATORS, titled 4, which was released on February 11 via Gibson Records in partnership with BMG. 4 is Slashs fifth solo album and fourth overall with his band featuring Myles Kennedy (vocals),Brent Fitz (drums),Todd Kerns (bass, vocals) and Frank Sidoris (guitar, vocals).Most of 4 was recorded over a 10-day period at Nashvilles RCA Studio A in April 2021. The LP was helmed by six-time Grammy-winning country music producer Dave Cobb (Chris Stapleton, Travis Tritt) who shared the bands desire to lay down the tracks live, in the studio including guitar solos and vocals — a first for the group.I always wanted to set up the back line in the studio like we would in a club or in a venue and mic everything up and just record, Slash recently explained to Billboard. Dave Cobb was the only producer Ive ever worked with who was okay with that. In fact, he said one of his aspirations was to record a rock n roll band live in the studio. I was, like, Eureka! Ive been trying to do that my whole career.I love the way old ROLLING STONES, LED ZEPPELIN, THE WHO and all these classic rock bands sounded when they played together, Cobb added. Slash was excited to record an album live. And I was excited about it because [my team] and I do it that way a lot.SLASH FEATURING MYLES KENNEDY AND THE CONSPIRATORS kicked off a North American headlining tour on February 8, in Portland, Oregon. The trek will hit 28 major cities, including Los Angeles, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Denver, Nashville, Dallas, Austin, Houston, and more, before wrapping up March 26 in Orlando, Florida.VIDEO 
20220301_142338_idn_C000355_A000020	www.livemint.com	https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/theatre-chain-inox-ties-up-with-esports-federation-to-screen-tournaments-11646045245196.html	IDN	Movie theatre chain Inox Leisure Monday announced its partnership with Esports Federation of India (ESFI) for a community viewing experience for fans of esports tournaments on big screens. The company said this will help take the game to a wider audience by letting people not only play tournaments through the year at select cinema venues but also for fans to come and watch the tournaments at their cinemas. The multiplex operator said it had been supporting Indian sports through collaborations in the past, including its longstanding partnership with the Indian Olympic Association. The theatre chain has also screened and marketed other sporting tournaments like the ICC World Cup, and Olympics 2020. Going forward, it will use its cinemas as venues to host esports tournaments, stream live tournaments, provide training opportunities and offer a talent scouting platform for future global events. The company said the partnership would introduce esports enthusiasts to the thrill of a live stadium while they compete in esports events professionally. In October last year, its competitor PVR Ltd had announced a tie-up with a homegrown esports company Nodwin Gaming to stream similar events in its theatres. The companys CEO, Alok Tandon while not commenting on the investment it has earmarked for this exercise, said their cinemas were present in urbane and youth-centric locations and that will contribute heavily to the growth in esports. Working with a federation gives us a vast scope since they are conducting various tournaments, games and are also able to scout for talent and scale esports in the country, Tandon said. He added that their screens and local area facilities are technologically sound enough to host such events. The company intends to build more esports IPs and have intercity and intracity tournaments and other initiatives to find the top esports talent in the country. The idea would be to provide a space for gamers to come and play so that there is no lag in the network services as well as to screen tournaments for fans to watch. Lokesh Suji, director of EFSI and the vice president of the Asian Esports Federation (AESF) said that a lot of the top esports talent comes from tier-II and III towns and this will help hone talent from these smaller cities and bring it to the fore. According to EY in a report titled esports In India, published in June 2021, India currently has more than 1,50,000 professional players in esports that has generated a viewership of 17 million people across 14 broadcast platforms, and the forecast is to have 1.5 million professional players with 85 million viewership from 20+ broadcasters by FY2025. Subscribe to Mint Newsletters * Enter a valid email * Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. 